URL,Content
Wit all due respect to President Donald Trump as a leader...
Zelensky five-year term for office suppose end for 2024.
Im also play for mostly French clubs like Martigues, Valenciennes, Lens, Istres, and Chamois Niortais.
Mohamed Salah, Egypt - Liverpool (ENG)
Mohamed Salah, Egypt - Liverpool (ENG)"
Mr.
Singer Mohbad die for 2023 after one incident for im house for Lagos state.
""I dey worried about my future.
And actually, di future fit no dey dia.
USAID support dia HIV/AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis, and leprosy programs.
We just stop working.""
No sign of activity.
One we get to pray as Malawians.
Amref Health Africa CEO, Dr.
For one rap track, Drake accuse Lamar of domestic abuse.
Story Monday Idara"
""Yhello, sincere apologies for data price review.
Kinjal do 36 blood transfusions during her pregnancy but eventually give birth to a healthy daughter on July 12 for 2019.
E get several different types of thalassaemia, including Hemoglobin H disease.
For Spain, evribodi know Barcelona financial issues.
Rashford like to play wide and cut in.
Additional reporting by Sheida Hooshmandi, BBC Persian"
'
She beat Burna Boy, Chris Brown, Davido, Asake, Yemi Alade and odas to emerge winner.
Best African music performance
Tems - Love Me JeJe
Yemi Alade - Tomorrow
Asake & Wizkid - MMS
Chris Brown ft Davido & Lojay - Sensational
Burna Boy - Higher"
Shout out to my mummy!!!""
Best female act - Darkoo
Best newcomer - Odeal
Album of the year - Bashy, Being Poor Is Expensive
Song of the year - Darkoo feat.
Dess Dior, Favourite Girl
Best drill act - Pozer
Best R&B/Soul act - Odeal
Best media personality - 90s baby show
Best African music act - Ayra Starr
Best electronic/ dance music act - TSHA
Best producer - Juls
Best Caribbean music act - Shenseea
Best alternative music act - ALT BLK ERA
Best international act - Ayra Starr
MOBO paving the way award - Denise Lewis MBE
MOBO impact award - Vybz Kartel"
She ""It broke my heart to lose you but you didn't go alone, a part of me went with you.
Till we meet again.""
Dat really break my heart as you leave on my birthday.
Dis year nominations occur for different categories like best actor, best actress, best supporting actress, international cinema and original song plus odas.
Adrien Brody (The Brutalist)
Timothe Chalamet (A Complete Unknown)
Sebastian Stan (The Apprentice)
Ralph Fiennes (Conclave)
Cynthia Erivo in Wicked
Karla Sofa Gascn in Emilia Prez
Mickey Madison in Anora
Demi Moore in Substance
Fernanda Torres in I'm Still Here
Monica Barbaro in A Complete Unknown
Ariana Grande in Wicked
Isabella Rossellini in Conclave
Zoe Saldaa in Emilia Prez
Yura Borisov  Anora
Kieran Culkin  A Real Pain
Edward Norton  A Complete Uknown
Guy Pearce  The Brutalist
Jeremy Strong  The Apprentice
I'm Still Here - Brazil
The Girl With the Needle - Denmark
Emilia Prez - France
The Seed of the Sacred Fig - Germany
Flow - Latvia
Sean Baker for Anora
Brady Corbet for The Brutalist
James Mangold for A Complete Unknown
Jacques Audiard for Emilia Perez
Coralie Fargeat for The Substance
Anora
The Brutalist
Conclave
Part 2
Emilia Prez
I'm Still Here
Nickel Boys
The Substance
Wicked
Sean Baker  Anora
Brady Corbet  The Brutalist
James Mangold  A Complete Unknown
Jacques Audiard  Emilia Prez
Coralie Fargeat  The Substance
Best Actress in a Leading Role
Cynthia Erivo  Wicked
Karla Sofa Gascn  Emilia Prez
Mikey Madison  Anora
Demi Moore - The Substance
Fernanda Torres  I'm Still Here
A Real Pain
September 5
Sing Sing
The Girl with the Needle
The Seed of the Sacred Fig
Flow
Inside Out 2
Memoir of a Snail
Wallace & Vengeance Most Fowl
Black Box Diaries
No Other Land
Porcelain War
Soundtrack to a Coup d'Etat
Sugarcane
Maria
Nosferatu
""El Mal""  Emilia Prez
""The Journey""  The Six Triple Eight
""Mi Camino""  Emilia Prez
Romulus
Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes
Gladiator II
Beautiful Men
Magic Candies
Wander to Wonder
Yuck!
A Lien
Anuja
I'm Not a Robot
The Last Ranger
The Man Who Would Not Remain Silent
Death by Numbers
Incident
Instruments of a Beating Heart"
Symptoms of Rectal adenocarcinoma
Risk factors
""I, however, regret to inform Mr.
Similar incident happun for October 2024 for Nasarawa state, north-central Nigeria, wen one gospel singer allegedly kill im girlfriend and dismembered her bodi.
C.
C.
Edwin Kiagbodo Clark OFR, CON on Monday 17th February , 2025.
""I feel completely shattered inside wen she die,"" Iqra papa, Sana Ullah, tell BBC.
She die minutes later.
How many...
""She die sake of chocolate?"" one Pakistan user for X ask.
Fotos online also reveal deep bite marks for im hand.
She open up about her brother personality.
Oleksandr Usyk vs Tyson Fury 2 - WBC, WBO & WBA heavyweight titles
You get bloggers, I get God.
""You seize my royalties for two years; you be bully.
You be oppressor."" She add.
""Last year EFCC illegally detain me for nine days, far from Lagos.
Try to stay standing.
If you fall, protect yourself and form ball wit your bodi.
""Our plane crash.
Eighteen passengers injured.
Manchester City come second again wit revenue of 708m.
Matchday revenue na di part of di industry wey don dey grow by di way e dey make money di most.
Wetin help am na di increase in stadium capacity, ticket prices and premium hospitality.
Total broadcast revenue stay for 3.64bn.
Arsenal climb from fifth to second wit 15,1m total money.
Additional reporting by Tom Joyner and Josh Cheetham"
I get no defence.
For 11 premier league games, Foden score only one wit one assist.
defending champions for England and Spain respectively.
First legs - 11 and 12 February, 2025
Second legs - 18 and 19 February 2025.
Security reasons,
Human or international rights violations,
Smuggling or money laundering
""I no see dis...
Sigh.""
Musk get 12 children wit three different women.
British archaeologists find Tutankhamun tomb for 1922.
""I sustain injury on my arm.
Several wards away, one elderly woman lie down for anoda hospital bed, hooked up to oxygen tank.
Major banks also remain closed.
For now, Goma remainsdia biggest coup.
And currently filed divorce.""
#One Love.""
I come in peace.""
Annie enta public eye wen she appear for Tuface popular song ""African Queen"" music video for 2004.
E hail from Benue state.
She marry to music icon, Innocent Idibia."
for 400 years?
Im longtime partner, singer Rihanna, attend court once in a while.
Oleksandr Usyk defeat Tyson Fury to retain im unified heavyweight world titles and prove im status as a generational great wit anoda close points win in dia rematch for Saudi Arabia.
An unbelievable 24 rounds for my career.
Two close defeats by a fighter of Usyk calibre no point to a sharp decline in Fury ability.
But instead of to allow her thoughts to keep her quiet, she become ogbonge advocate for mental health.
For 6 November last year, Charity die by suicide.
To change society attitude need education, awareness and compassionate support systems"".
For many African societies, suicide still be taboo.
Additional reporting by Saida Swaleh."
AC Milan vs Feyenoord
Atalanta vs Club Brugge
Bayern Munich vs Celtic
Benfica vs Monaco
Wednesday
Borrusia Dortmund vs Sporting CP
PSG vs Brest
PSV vs Juventus
Real Madrid vs Manchester City
Last Liverpool, Barcelona, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Atletico Madrid, Bayer Leverkusen, Lille, Aston Villa.
Knockout phase Atalanta, Borussia Dortmund, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, AC Milan, PSV, Paris St-Germain, Benfica, Monaco, Brest, Feyenoord, Juventus, Celtic, Manchester City, Sporting, Club Brugge.
Brest v Paris St-Germain (first leg 11 February, second leg 19 February)
Juventus v PSV Eindhoven (first leg 11 February, second leg 19 February)
Manchester City v Real Madrid (first leg 11 February, second leg 19 February)
Sporting v Borussia Dortmund (first leg 11 February, second leg 19 February)
Club Brugge v Atalanta (first leg 12 February, second leg 18 February)
Celtic v Bayern Munich (first leg 12 February, second leg 18 February)
Feyenoord v AC Milan (first leg 12 February, second leg 18 February)
Monaco v Benfica (first leg 12 February, second leg 18 February)
Those ties go take place on 4-5 and 11-12 March.
""I hope we just keep pushing forward [and] opening doors,"" Beyonc continue.
""God bless y'all.
Thank you so much.""
Album of the year
Record of the year
Song of the year
Best new artist
Best pop vocal album
Best pop solo performance
Best pop duo/group performance
Best dance/electronic recording
Best dance/electronic album
Best dance/pop recording
Best traditional pop vocal album
Best Latin pop album
Best rock performance
Best rock song
Best rock album
Best metal performance
Best rap performance
Best melodic rap performance
Best rap song
Best rap album
Best country solo performance
Best country duo/group performance
Best country song
Best country album
Best R&B performance
Best progressive R&B album
Best R&B album
Best African music performance
Producer of the Year, Non-Classical
Songwriter of the Year, Non-Classical
Best comedy album
Best score soundtrack for visual media (includes film and televison)
Best score soundtrack for video games and other interactive media
Best song written for visual media
Best audio book narration
Best music video
Best jazz vocal album
Best jazz performance
Best musical theatre album
Best opera recording
Best orchestral performance"
Ghana no longer be safe place for corruption.""
One good Samaritan watch her interview and decide to pay for her operation.
ZERRY DL
KAESTYLE
LLONA
BEST INSPIRATIONAL SINGLE
GRATITUDE  ANENDLESSOCEAN
WORTHY OF MY PRAISE - DUNSIN OYEKAN FT.
LAWRENCE OYOR
GOOD GOD 2 - LIMOBLAZE FT.
NAOMI RAINE
PARTICULARLY - GAISE BABA FT.
TOPE ALABI
YOU DO THIS ONE - MERCY CHINWO
MOGADISHU - A-Q
CHOCOLATE CITY CYPHER - M.I ABAGA
CHOCOLATE CITY CYPHER  BLAQBONEZ
HALLELUJAH  LADIPOE
BIG BIG THINGS - YOUNG JONN FT.
KIZZ DANIEL AND SEYI VIBEZ
TWE TWE REMIX - KIZZ DANIEL
EGWU FEAT.
MOHBAD  CHIKE
REMEMBER  ASAKE
OGECHI REMIX - HYCE, BOYPEE AND BROWN JOEL FT.
DAVIDO
BIG BALLER  FLAVOR
BEST STREET-HOP ARTISTE
SEYI VIBEZ  ""DIFFERENT PATTERNS""
AYO MAFF  DEALER (FT.
FIREBOY DML)
ODUMODUBLVCK)
ZHUS JDO  JOHNBULL
MOHBAD  ASK ABOUT ME
EMOTIONS - TIWA SAVAGE FEAT.
ASA
BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR ODUMODUBLVCK, BLOODY CIVILIAN, AND WALE
CAST - SHALLIPOPI FT ODUMODUBLVCK
OLE - QING MADI & BNXN
TWE TWE REMIX  KIZZ DANIEL & DAVIDO
IDK  WIZKID FT.
ZLATAN
CHARM - (REMA X PERLIKS X FOLARIN OLUDARE)
METAVERSE - (JYDE AJALA)
LIKE ICE SPICE - (PERLIKS & EMEKA SHINE SHINE)
OJAPIANO - (MATTMAX)
EGWU - (DIRECTOR PINK)
SHOWA - (TG OMORI)
SOOLKING (ALGERIA)
BALTI (TUNISIA)
BIEN (KENYA)
DIAMOND PLATNUMZ (TANZANIA)
BRUCE MELODIE (RWANDA)
AZAWI (UGANDA)
KING PROMISE (GHANA)
HIMRA (IVORY COAST)
JOSEY (IVORY COAST)
TOOFAN (TOGO)
HEADIES VIEWERS CHOICE
YOUNG JONN FT.
KIZZ DANIEL AND SEYI VIBEZ - BIG BIG THINGS
HYCE, B, AND BROWN JOEL FT.
DAVIDO - OGECHI REMIX
KIZZ DANIEL - SHOWA
SEYI VIBEZ - DIFFERENT PATTERN
ODUMODUBLVCK - CAST
AYO MAFF FT.
FIREBOY DML - DEALER
FLAVOUR - BIG BALLER
BEST VOCAL PERFORMANCE (FEMALE)
AYRA STARR - LAST HEARTBREAK SONG
NINIOLA - LEVEL
SIMI  STRANGER
LIYA  I'M DONE
TOMORROW - YEMI ALADE
BEST RAP SINGLE
CAST FEAT ODUMODUBLVCK  SHALLIPOPI
BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR FEAT BLOODY CIVILIAN & WALE  ODUMODUBLVCK
HALLELUJAH - LADIPOE, ROZZZ & MORRELO
CANADA - MAGNITO
BEST R&B SINGLE
JOHNNY DRILLE - FOR YOU
SIMI STRANGER
TEMS  BURNING
AYRA STARR - LAST HEARTBREAK SONG FT.
GIVEON
CHIMAMANDA PEARL CHUKWUMA - VISION (QING MADI)
MICHAEL AJUMA ATTAH - CAN'T BREATHE (LLONA)
EMOSEH KHAMOFU - FAMILY MEETING (BLOODY CIVILIAN)
SARZ  HAPPINESS
LONDON  OZEBA
MAGICSTICKS  BASQUIAT
DIBS - DIFFERENT PATTERN
BURNA BOY  HIGHER
LAST HEARTBREAK SONG - AYRA STARR & GIVEON  LAST HEARTBREAK SONG
BILLIONS - SARZ FEATURING LOJAY  BILLIONS
TYLA (SOUTH AFRICA)
KELLY KAY (MALAWI)
PLUTONIO (MOZAMBIQUE)
ZEE NXUMALO (SOUTH AFRICA)
NEXT RATED
QING MADI
SHALLIPOPI
ODUMODUBLVCK
AYO MAFF
NASBOI"
Natasha get law degree from Igbinedion University and later get Master's degree in Film Production from Full Sail University United States.
E hail from Benue state.
""Specifically, we stand togeda to call on all parties to actualise ceasefire, and specifically on M23 to stop further progress and armed forces of DRC to cease all revenge attack.
- Vomiting.
- Wash your hands wit soap and running water.
- Wash fruits and vegetables well well.
- Practise good hygiene.
For China, marriages fall from 13 million for 2014 to just ova 6 million for 2024.
Most apps get more male subscribers dan women.
Both women get post-graduate degrees and good careers.
And here I tink we get generational challenge,"" im add.
Russia launch full-scale invasion of Ukraine for February 2022.
According to Zelensky says at least 46,000 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed defending the country, while at least three civilians were killed on Sunday
Looking at just military support for Ukraine, US dominate again for funding, providing 49.4% of all spending since January 2022.
Super Bowl 59
Chiefs 24-27 Eagles
Chiefs 30-27 Eagles
Patrick Mahomes
Chiefs 27-24 Eagles
Chiefs 24-21 Eagles
Ms.
She continue to appear for both big- and small-screen productions, and she gada at least two dozen credits and she receive plenty South Korean acting awards.
For May 2022, Ms.
offense for South Korea.
Fans of Ms.
TPS for immigrants from Cameroon, Ethiopia and South Sudan go end dis year.
TPS for migrants from Somalia and Sudan go end for 2026.
Wales go meet familiar foes Belgium, plus North Macedonia, Kazakhstan and Liechtenstein.
A total of 16 European teams go qualify.
Group Germany/Italy (winner), Slovakia, NORTHERN IRELAND, Luxembourg.
Group Portugal/Denmark (loser), Greece, SCOTLAND, Belarus.
Group France/Croatia (winner), Ukraine, Iceland, Azerbaijan.
Group Portugal/Denmark (winner), Hungary, Republic of Ireland, Armenia.
Group Spain/Netherlands (loser), Poland, Finland, Lithuania, Malta.
Group Austria, Romania, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Cyprus, San Marino.
Group Germany/Italy (loser), Norway, Israel, Estonia, Moldova.
Group Belgium, WALES, North Macedonia, Kazakhstan, Liechtenstein.
Group ENGLAND, Serbia, Albania, Latvia, Andorra.
Group France/Croatia (loser), Czech Republic, Montenegro, Faroe Islands, Gibraltar.
Niger record $446.14 million in exports and $3.79 billion in imports.
No come for adventure here,"" e warn.
""Poor command lead to failure,"" e tell BBC."
but I respect peace.""
Bicos of dat, Rwanda invade DR Congo for 1998.
Until 2021.
Mandela spend 27 years in prison sake of im campaign to end white-minority rule.
Security expert Dr.
But Dr.
Man Utd go need to bring in anoda striker afta Marcus Rashford join Aston Villa on loan.
Additional reporting by Luis Barrucho"
Di 27 years old Nigeria beat strong competitions from Cote d'Ivoire and Brighton & Hove Albion winger Simon Adingra.
Mohamed Salah, Egypt - Liverpool (ENG)
Mohamed Salah, Egypt - Liverpool (ENG)"
19.
Brest vs.
Paris Saint-Germain (first leg 0-3)
Manchester City vs.
Real Madrid (2-3)
Juventus vs.
PSV Eindhoven (2-1)
Sporting CP vs.
Borussia Dortmund (0-3)
Second March 11-12
Each club go plays once on a Tuesday and once on a Wednesday.
QUARTERFINALS
First April 8-9
Second April 15-16
SEMIFINALS
First April 29-30
FINAL
May 31, Allianz Arena, Munich"
Additional reporting by George Wright, Gabriela Pomeroy and Vitaliy Shevchenko"
Currently, im get miilions of followers on Instagram."
""
Joseph I.
BENUE ALA STATE from Benue State.
CONFLUENCE STATE from Kogi State
APA-AGBA STATE from Benue South Senatorial District
APA STATE from Benue State.
AMANA STATE from Adamawa State.
KATAGUM STATE from Bauchi State.
MURI STATE from Taraba State.
NEW KADUNA STATE and GURARA STATE from Kaduna State.
TIGA STATE from Kano State.
KAINJI STATE from Kebbi State.
GHARI STATE from Kano State
ADADA STATE from Enugu State.
ABA STATE from the South Eastern Region of Nigeria.
OGOJA STATE from Cross River State.
WARRI STATE from Delta State.
BORI STATE from Rivers State.
OBOLO STATE from Rivers and Akwa Ibom States.
TORU-EBE STATE from Delta, Edo, and Ondo States.
IBADAN STATE from Oyo State.
LAGOON STATE from Lagos State.
IJEBU STATE from Ogun State.
IFE-IJESHA from Oyo, and Osun states."
Ebenezer Okletey Terlabi - Interior ministry
Ernest Brogya Gyenfi - Defense ministry
Clement Abas Apaak - Education ministry
Richard Gyan-Mensah - Energy and Greem Transition ministry
Alhassan Sayibu Suhuyini - Roads & Highways ministry
Yusif Sulemana - Lands & Natural Resources ministry
Rita Naa Odoley Sowah - Local goment, Chieftaincy and Religious Affairs ministry
Gizella Tettey-Agbotui - Works, Housing and Water Resources ministry
Yussif Issaka Jajah - Tourism, Culture and Creative Arts ministry
Samson Ahi - Trade, Agribusiness and Industry ministry
E work for Eximbank of Ghana as Project Manager and Unibank Ghana as relationship manager.
Last Liverpool, Barcelona, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Atletico Madrid, Bayer Leverkusen, Lille, Aston Villa.
Knockout phase Atalanta, Borussia Dortmund, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, AC Milan, PSV, Paris St-Germain, Benfica, Monaco, Brest, Feyenoord, Juventus, Celtic, Manchester City, Sporting, Club Brugge.
Dinamo Zagreb, Stuttgart, Shakhtar Donetsk, Bologna, Sparta Prague, Leipzig, Girona, Red Star Belgrade, Sturm Graz, Salzburg, Slovan Bratislava, Young Boys.
Nigeria Super Eagles go face Tunisia, Uganda and Tanzania.
Group Morocco, Mali, Zambia, Comoros
Group Egypt, South Africa, Angola, Zimbabwe
Group Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, Tanzania
Group Senegal, DR Congo, Benin Republic, Botswana
Group Algeria, Burkina Faso, Equatorial Guinea, Sudan
Group Cote dIvoire, Cameroon, Gabon, Mozambique
Pot Morocco (hosts), Senegal, Egypt, Algeria, Nigeria, Cte d'Ivoire
Pot Cameroon, Mali, Tunisia, South Africa, DR Congo, Burkina Faso
Pot Gabon, Angola, Zambia, Uganda, Equatorial Guinea, Benin
Pot Mozambique, Comoros, Tanzania, Sudan, Zimbabwe, Botswana
(Relevo - in Spanish)
(L'Equipe - in French)
(Sun), external
(Star)
(Il Mattino - in Italian), external
(Football Transfers)
(ESPN)
(Mail)
(The i Newspaper)
(Metro)
(ESPN)
(Standard)
(Times - subscription required)
Chelsea no likely to sign England defender Marc Guehi, 24, from Crystal Palace dis month afta e recall Trevoh Chalobah, 25, from one loan spell at Selhurst Park.
(Mail)
Newcastle United have rejected a bid of 11m from Fenerbahce for 26-year-old English defender Lloyd Kelly.
(Athletic)
Aston Villa have started talks with English midfielder Louie Barry, 21, over a new contract amid interest from Celtic.
(Football Insider)
Chelsea and France centre-back Axel Disasi, 26, is attracting interest from Juventus, Atalanta and Bayer Leverkusen.
(Caught Offside)
West Ham wan bring in Nottingham Forest 27-year-old Nigeria striker Taiwo Awoniyi.
(Florian Plettenberg)
(Athletic)
(Fabrizio Romano)
(Sky Sports)
(Mail)
(Talksport)
(Sky Sports)
(Mirror)
(Football Insider)
(Sky Sports)
(ESPN)
(Florian Plettenberg)
(Fabrizio Romano)
(Football Insider)
(Sunderland Echo)
(Football League World)
Cardiff City get interest to sign Danish forward Yousef Salech from Swedish side IK Sirius, wit di 22-year-old 11 goals for 27 league matches last season.
(Wales Online)
(Sky Sports)
(Football Insider)
(The Mirror)"
Im also play for mostly French clubs like Martigues, Valenciennes, Lens, Istres, and Chamois Niortais.
72.
Seychelles
62.
Cabo Verde
57.
Botswana
57.
Rwanda
51.
Mauritius
49.
Namibia
45.
Benin
45.
Cte d'Ivoire
45.
So Tom and Prncipe
45.
Senegal
42.
Ghana
Burkina Faso
South Africa
Tanzania
39.
Tunisia
39.
Zambia
38.
Gambia
37.
Ethiopia
37.
Lesotho
37.
34.
34.
Malawi
33.
Sierra Leone
32.
Angola
32.
Kenya
32.
Togo
31.
Djibouti
28.
Guinea
27.
27.
27.
Liberia
27.
Mali
Cameroon
Madagascar
Nigeria
Uganda
25.
Mozambique
24.
23.
Congo
21.
Chad
21.
Comoros
21.
Guinea-Bissau
21.
Zimbabwe
20.
Democratic Republic of the Congo
17.
Burundi
15.
Sudan
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
9.
Somalia
8.
South Sudan
90.
Denmark
88.
Finland
84.
Singapore
83.
New Zealand
81.
Luxembourg
81.
Norway
81.
Switzerland
80.
Sweden
78.
77.
Australia
10.
Venezuela
Syria
Yemen
14.
Nicaragua"
Go to BBCAfrica.com for more news from the African continent.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCAfrica, on Facebook at BBC Africa or on Instagram at bbcafrica"
No pre-parties, no after-parties.
E b tim u 11 ARONI Adisa Ajetunmobi MURETE Srgun Soforvote roREST HEAD ) OGUN Afolabi Ajayi (OBANE JI) ESHUORO Remi Ade/eye ow a ona El G b 1 Dancers The Ezeagu District Daucing Uuion DEALER nd CRIER Other parts The Compauy Characters '1"M Guuts of Honour fOREST HEAD masquerading as DEAD WOMAN DBAD MAN '1"M Town Dwtllers ADENEBI Council 01'3tor OBANEJI DEMOKB A Carver ROLA A Courtesan Obaneji fOREST ClllER THB QUESTIONER THE INTERPRETER JESTER to Eshuoro THE TRIPLETS THE HALf-(;HILD THE ANTS AGDOREKO Elder of Scaled Lips OLD MAN A Council Elder SPIIIlTS of the PALM, DARKNESS, lllVERS, etc.
True to God who made me, he insisted.
Poor beginningan orphan, I believeno school education, plenty of good looks and an iron determination, both of which she put to good account; beginning as a street hawker, rising to a small trader, and then to a big one.
But much as I wanted to go to Europe I wasnt going to sell my soul for it or beg anyone to help me.
He invited me to come and spend my holidays with him in the capital and while I was there he would try and find out from his Cabinet colleague, the Minister of Overseas Training, whether there was anything doing.
-  Everybody laughed.
They are going to give me doctorate degree, he announced proudly.
I asked.
-  I asked
Sir?
Actually I was amused how Andrew was desperately trying to convince himselfand methat he had gone to the reception with the avowed intention to deflate his empty-headed kontriman.
That is true, I said, but the outside world isnt all that important, is it?
In any case people like Chief Nanga dont care two hoots about the outside world.
He give you appointment?
No, but...
-  He give you appointment
Fortunately the Minister, who was apparently relaxing with his family in the lounge came to the door, and on seeing us rushed outside and threw his arm round me.
- Then his wife and three of his children trooped out and joined in the excited welcoming.
Yes, sir, master, said the driver, who had hitherto seemed a most unfriendly man to me.
- Now he broke into a broad smile showing smoke-and kola-stained teeth.
he asked of a now considerably sobered audience.
-  His words carried conviction
asked Chief Koko laughing foolishly.
-  asked Chief Koko laughing foolishly
Nonsense!
They carried on in this vein for quite a while.
- I sipped my whisky quietly, avoiding the eyes of both.
asked Chief Nanga as he perused the young mans sheaf of testimonials, probably not one of them genuine.
I asked, being irritated by the idiot.
he repeated after me.
-  he repeated after me
-  We agreed with him but he lost the job because Chief Nanga preferred bitterleaf and egusi to chicken puriwhatever that was.
-  Relax, I said, imitating Jean.
I asked, laughing.
- I know?
Cadillac.
-  Cadillac
Nonsense.
I dress to please myself, sir, said the writer becoming suddenly defiant.
- Let me tell you, said Chief Nanga in a softened but firm tone.
- Ha, ha, ha, ha!
What a country!
I said.
Foolish idiot.
- Foolish idiot
- Nonsense!
As I approached the wards the mans shrill voice rang in my ear pronouncing one evil wish after another.
P.
- C.
It was interesting to methinking about it laterhow Chief Nanga who had been so loudly interceding for me (or appearing to do so) suddenly withdrew into expectant silence, praying no doubt that my fathers rage would push him over the brink.
asked puzzled Boniface the first time I played this trick.
-  asked puzzled Boniface the first time I played this trick
-  Two days later I had relented.
- You have brought this trouble into my compound so you should carry it.
But why?
I tried hard to remember but couldnt and gave up.
- The End
If you are smart you will leave true masquerades up to those who know what to do with juju.
But you two little superintelligent vagabonds know, dont you?
Chichi asked, perking up.
- Yes.
Deepening his voice for emphasis, he said, You see me again and you go see plenty hot peppa.
-  Anatov was silent.
Didnt I?
You explain what?
Imagine!
Hmm!
Imagine!
- Didnt I -  You explain what - Hmm
-  Because you can manage a weak battery in the daytime but not at night, Elewa.
When we parted I thought we were through.
- But next morning in the middle of my editorial conference my stenographer came in from the outer oce and asked me to take a call.
I want to be able to recognize you in the morning.
-  I will keep trying till I nd a reason that clicks with her.
Whatever they choose to do prior to sleeping is no reason to deny them that right.
And then mixed metaphors, unmixed blessingsshake you like a miner panning for gold!
When we agree about sleeping separately we will have great times together.
I began to wonder at one point if I hadnt made a foolish gesture in refusing the ticket for one of those nicely spaced-out, numbered seats, that now seemed so desirably cool.
If I kill you I kill dog, said the soldier with a vehemence I found totally astounding.
What is it?
Because I dont want to...
We laughed and I tried to kiss her but she covered my mouth with the palm of her hand...
I havent nished yet...
- And from nowhere and like magic life surges back into it.
-  Soon the two voices were oating in to me again as I put on the nishing touches.
What?
Wonderful!
When His Excellency got to him and But of course you know Beatrice, he had Me?
Me!
I beg commot for road, and I made to push my trolley past him to the cashier but he grabbed my arm and pulled me back and proceeded to give me in loud whispers accompanied by conspiratorial backward glances a long and completely absurd account of all the actions and reactions he had meticulously observed between Chris and me in the last few months which could only have one meaninghis friend, Chris, done catch!
- Or didnt until near the end.
But the way I see it is that giving women today the same role which traditional society gave them of intervening only when everything else has failed is not enough, you know, like the women in the Sembene lm who pick up the spears abandoned by their defeated menfolk.
- It is not enough that women should be the court of last resort because the last resort is a damn sight too far and too late!
That was about the only serious reservation I had about Ikems political position.
Yes, anything the matter?
- That was a new one.
- What section of Trac Law be that one -  Its a matter of common sense, I should say
Common sense!
- OK, Mr.
- He can be editor for his oce not for road.
The growing crowd of spectators stood in silence in a circle around the car and the chief actors, the policeman playing his role of writing down somebodys fate with the self-important and painful slowness of half-literacy...
At long last he tore out a sheet of his note-paper and handed it like a death warrant to Ikem.
With one sentence of your sharp pen you can demolish anybody.
- Ha ha ha ha ha.
- Scallywags.
-  No madam.
They knew he was going out and must not delay him too much.
Shut your mouth.
Wonderful!
Wonderful!
He saw himself as an explorer who has just cleared a cluster of obstacles in an arduous expedition to earn as a result the conviction, more by intuition perhaps than logic, that although the nal goal of his search still lies hidden beyond more adventures and dangers, the puzzles just unravelled point unambiguously to inevitable success.
Ikem nodded his head as he pressed her to himself.
Hospital?
-  IT WAS ELEWAS KEEN EARS which picked up the radio news signal from some distant set turned too high probably in someones Boys Quarters in the neighbourhood, and her voice which screamed News!
Chris sprang up and dashed to his television set, switching it on and checking his wristwatch at the same time.
What had caused all this agitation had been a subsidiary item tagged on to Ikems news because of its relative unimportance and prefaced accordingly with the In another development...
Yes, in another development, according to this smug newscaster dispensing national anguish in carefully measured milligrammes, six leaders from Abazon who were involved in a recent illegal march on the Presidential Palace without police permit as required by decree had been arrested.
- Wipe your eye.
Beatrice burst into laughter as she climbed back into the car for the return journey to the parking-lot.
- Even the joker had to laugh then at his own joke.
-  Chris was out of the car like a shot and so was the man who had spoken.
As they walked smartly away from their car towards the bridge the soldier who seemed to have noticed Braimohs suspicious move was coming briskly towards them.
- Chris was watching him through the corner of his eye until they drew level.
Sebastian, replied Chris, using the name of his steward from instant inspiration.
He didnt know.
- Even common bicycle I no get
-  The soldier now wore a wistful smile which sat strangely on his savaged face.
-  Me Commissioner - At all
At the purely sentimental level it was Ikems native province which, although he had rarely spent much time there in recent years, still remained in a curious paradoxical way the distant sustainer of all his best inspirations, so that going there now in his death became for Chris and Emmanuel something of a pilgrimage.
- Then it was a province of unspecied and generalized disaection to the regime.
How did you nd out she was a student-nurse?
-  Whats she called?
Adamma.
They no know me?
He was clearly enjoying the attention.
-  He was clearly enjoying the attention
-  He burst out into another peal of laughter taking his willing hearers.
asked somebody from the crowd.
- He was obviously a wit to reckon with, and knew it.
She threw herself down on her buttocks in desperation.
- But the sergeant would not let up.
My friend, do you realize you have just shot the Commissioner for Information?
asked a man unsteady on his feet and shaking his head from side to side like an albino in bright sunshine.
- Something alive and kicking.
she asked in return.
- No I didnt mean that, replied Beatrice rather emphatically.
But to herself she said, Well, if a daughter of Allah could join his rivals daughter in a holy dance, what is to stop the priestess of the unknown god from shaking a leg?
She smiled to herself.
-  Abdul was nodding energetically, his head bent gently towards his simultaneous translator, Emmanuel.
-  WHY ARE YOU all sitting in darkness?
she said turning the lights on as she walked back into the room almost half an hour after she had left it.
Leave the young man alone.
- Emmanuel, please continue.
-  Is
But he realized the truth at that moment, were told, and died smiling...
Oh my Chris!
Two lines of tears coursed down under her eyes but she did not bother to wipe them...
Elewa remonstrated, showing her two palms of innocence to the powers above.
-  Elewa remonstrated, showing her two palms of innocence to the powers above
About the Author Chinua Achebe was born in Nigeria in 1930.
Edogo passed through the hut into the inner compound to his sister Akuekes temporary home.
- E-e-i
I dont know how many times I have said in this house that I shall not eat my supper when every other man in Umuaro is retiring to sleep, he said as soon as Mate came in.
- But you will not listen.
Tomorrow is Afo, said Edogo, and we have come to nd out what work you have for us.
-  Ezeulu thought for a while as though he was unprepared for the proposal.
he wept, calling on his dead father to come to his aid.
-  Four other children ran in from the direction of the Boys quarters to join the rest on Winterbottoms lawn which was the only space big enough for their play.
For the men who in India have made the Briton the law-maker, the organizer, the engineer of the world this new, old land has great rewards and honourable work.
How far is this other village, Umuaro?
Clarke knew instinctively that the more ignorant he seemed the better.
- Oh, about six miles, not more.
He heard them in the inner compound E-u-u!
Ezeulu strode into the compound and ordered them to leave.
Go and get my bath ready, will you?
Clarke was so exhausted that he was in no mood for stewards chit-chat.
-  There was fear in his voice as though he was reporting the arrival of smallpox in the village.
Thats what I said, shouted Clarke.
-  Thats what I said, shouted Clarke
Ora-obodo, Agaba salutes you!
Have you heard the song of the Spider?
It broke o suddenly, turned round and ran straight ahead.
- The crowd in that direction broke up and scattered.
All go down, prostrate or kneeling with the greetings of Kabiyesi, Baba etc.
- What is the hag gibbering?
32 COLLECTED PLAYS 2 SADIKU [advances menacingly.
Kabiyesi, is that not our national flag?
Did you not deprive me of my national trousers?
But you did order a sceptre Kabiyesi.
This dung-stained goat prod, this Makeshift sign at crossroads, this Thighbone of the crow that died Of rickets?
Or did you merely Steal the warped backscratcher Of your hunchback uncle?
- It was the best I found in the blacksmiths foundry.
Copper, Kabiyesi?
Copper yes.
- Copper the colour of earth In harvest.
Kabiyesi, you asked me to stuff ' Ah, so I did.
] Kabiyesi, Oba Sarumi is at the palace gates.
Kabiyesi, your voice was the dawn pigeon Which summoned us from drowsy mats We do not know the jackals call We do not hear the bonded overseer When the father speaks.
KONGIS HARVEST 115 Well, I will not bear the offering Past the entrance to the mosque Only a phoney drapes himself in deeper indigo Than the son of the deceased.
]: Kabiyesi!
Dende!
[He sweeps out, the others hurrying after him.
- [He sweeps out, the others hurrying after him
- Brother Chume, what were you before you came to me?
Prophet.
- [The Amens grow more and more ecstatic.
I wonder really what the will of God would be in this matter.
When?
I offend you?
- I offend you
It sounds a little REBECCA [her voice and manner ore of unqualified admiration]: Not if you dont think it, Brother Jeroboam.
- Well, we have to be careful about our brother prophets.
But how come such an idea enter their head?
I would never have thought of it.
- yero [handing him a shilling.
Can you read music or not, Brother Chummy?
Really this is too much.
- How can Captain Winston expect me to teach you anything when you are musically illiterate.
What!
- What
What good will my broken head do you?
To lock man inside lunatic asylum because you wan cover up your wayo.
Was that not better than a life sentence for attempted murder?
Good!
And perhaps in public?
For whom?
For the sake of people like Major Silva?
People who dont even understand the musical soul which the Lord has given you?
Are they worth it, Brother Chume?
Oh I was watching you for some time you knowthat man is an enemy believe me.
- An enemy.
- No, Brother Chume, it was yours.
[The Mendicants look at one another, begin to beat time with them, then join the singing in a raucous, cynical tone.
Ogea ran out, put her two hands in both ears and Our people come, Ogonim is dead.
Thieves!
What has Nwosu?
I gave them ten pounds only a fortnight ago.
I caught my reflection in his thick glasses.
-  I caught my reflection in his thick glasses
Of course.
- Ive been practising my Chun Li.
- We were never sent to fill the bottles, to stand in front of the filter watching the water trickle into old Treetop Juice containers, swatting away mosquitoes as they feasted on our exposed legs.
- Those motorcyclists are lunatics.
Where was my concentration, my killer instinct that was so feared in our Saturday Street Fighter II Turbo battles?
Where is your mind?
Youre not concentrating.
-  He came round to my right and took the control pad from my hands.
-  I watched as he and Wilhelm started a best of three between Ken and Chun Li.
Ken wins!
Kpobo asked as I dragged the pad from Wilhelms hands and sat on the stool directly facing the TV.
- Hey, no spoil the controller, Wilhelm said.
-  He ignored me and threw his pad on the floor.
So I told them about Tessa, a girl I had just met, about the ride to her place in the afternoon two days ago, not sparing any detail.
Thank God, Kpobo was finally getting over it.
With the presidential elections slated for June next year, he cant be seen to be just another heavy-handed military dictator.
Behind us, the mixed hostel, Hall 2, loomed in the darkness, shadows like blocks of Lego from a juju mans nightmare seemed to lean over, threatening to fall on our heads.
Isnt the prof supposed to be tucking you into bed now?
He jumped into the gutter beside Wilhelm, hugged him and blew a cloud of Benson and Hedges in his face.
Everyone burst into laughter except Tambo.
- He had not heard the story.
he said.
Knock which head?
My own?
-  Knock which head - My own
A shadow passed over Yibrils face, a wrinkle over the middle of his brow.
- For a millisecond only.
-  I just feel Willy should be careful around him, cousin or not.
Yep, he replied.
- Cool.
I dont know if they think that anyone who actually considers himself a fine boy will actually blend.
-  Wilhelm was already smiling, so I continued.
Everything between a guy and a girl must include sex to you?
His father can put him in a suite at the University Palace Hotel if he wants.
- For the entire semester.
Why did you bring a lantern to school?
Dont you know that the hostel provides stand-by generators?
Thank God for NASU.
- After the strike, the generators had stopped working, and I had been vindicated.
Ejiro asked.
- TJ.
Nothing.
- Nothing
Ejiro shooed the beer parlour attendant away, glancing apprehensively at me.
- Ikeja, TJ said, Off Allen Avenue.
I asked Tambo.
-  I asked Tambo
To blend!
And he said he didnt know them.
- To blend
Idiot!
Your father!
I dont blame you.
- Idiot - Your father
Ejiro had Tambo by the throat; his right arm seemed like a slave traders shackle connecting both their heads, a solid iron bar.
- Ejiro had one bone, no joints, in that arm.
- He spoke quieter now.
- She was holding a tray with steaming ceramic bowls.
Which children?
Doesnt he see the children when hes using you as a punching bag?
I just cant understand him.
- Which children
Where was I going to see an okada to carry me for the one naira coin I had in my pocket?
The science departments toilets were out of it.
- I half ranpausing to endure the episodic spasms that threatened to disgrace meand half walked to the hostel.
How can it be easy when it forces you to ignore facts?
Because of argument?
If I let them continue, I would never speak.
- Because of argument
I half shouted as I grabbed my shirt from the wardrobe door and walked to Odegua.
The Last Nigerian Virgin has a girl!
It happened a few months after I finished secondary school, when I still did the school run, when I still worked in Dads company, buying materials for the builders at the head office.
- That morningit was October the fourteenth, 1992, a WednesdayI was driving back from FGC Warri, along the Ogunu expressway.
Where did it come from?
Why did it feel deliciously decadent?
-  We spent about an hour in the market and another at the home of an equally attractive friend of hers to whom she introduced me as her new friend.
I was irritated.
-  I was irritated
I asked.
- Tuoyo smiled and told me to place it between my lips, take a drag and hold it in my mouth and then to inhale with my lips open.
- For me it was none of the above; okay, that is a lie, it was a little bit of the second.
- He lived alone in the two-roomed Boys Quarters of a friend of the family in Professors Quarters.
- I had glanced behind us at the seats in the back and caught Tseyes eyes.
Why?
Why what?
Ewaen, this is a special groove.
*** When we got to the flat, it became obvious why the IV had ended with the words party till Mama comes knocking: Mama wasnt home; the flat was empty.
What do you think youre doing?
- Who invite you
-  I was about to reply him in an equally loud voice that I had just given him a cigarette when I felt him pinch me.
- Quick, follow me, follow me.
Ewaen, I put myself on the line to get you out of that place.
-  Why?
My chest ached.
- If you are there when that happens, it means you want to blend.
-  I hear you, Tambo, I said.
I had been shaking them ever since we sat down.
- Of all the people to invite him to a confra party, of all the people who could toast him, he gets invited by the second- in-command of a confra.
I asked.
Tuoyo whispered the questions, as though he was afraid that the night would carry the gist.
-  *** Willy walked into A109 at six that evening.
Do you know that the mobile policemen at Ekosodin Gate stopped me?
Why?
I had to lie that I just had a bike accident.
-  Because of your clothes?
He was, but he wouldnt admit it.
-  He was, but he wouldnt admit it
- We will supply you, Wilhelm whispered back.
- The other was the telephone.
First, Osasogie.
-  First, Osasogie
I looked towards where my friend stood, waiting by a door to our right.
- I waved him off.
Well, he did not waste any time, did he?
Was he talking about my meeting his Capo, TJ?
Wilhelm had threatened to take the matter up with his cousin, Yibrilwas that it?
I glanced sideways at him and asked, How?
-  We went in to enjoy the rest of the show.
-  We let him.
- But as I looked at Tseyes face (she had taken off her glasses), I was scared to spoil a beautiful thing.
-  Year Two March 1994  March 1995 14 I moved into the house on Oba Ewuare in the first week of March of 94.
I turned around to see Tuoyo.
- He came into the bathroom and without warning emptied the mop-bucket around my feet in the shower stalls tub.
He ignored me and refilled the bucket from the reservoir by the shower stall.
-  He ignored me and refilled the bucket from the reservoir by the shower stall
-  I looked at him.
Still dumbfounded, I made the tactical mistake of hesitating for a second before I saw what he was going to do.
- He sat on the toilet bowl by my feet and let one rip.
-  I did not disagree with him.
-  I rolled around on the mattress, laughing my head off.
Where do you want me to find girls from?
Thank God, Brenda was coming with some of her friends from Osasogie Stores.
- I changed the subject.
- Thanks for the link-up.
I do not have one rhythmic bone in my body and made do with shaking my yansh like those oyibo dancers on Soul Train.
- Everybody laughed.
Preppa asked.
- Fra briefed him, Oluchi and Ewaen were complaining about their cadaver, Thriller.
Oluchi asked.
-  Which list -  Oluchi asked
- I cant tell my father that kind of Daddy, em, they said I should resume school in five years time.
You want to join Black Axe like Willy did?
Of course not.
- Why would you think that?
I paused to concentrate on a Guile hurricane kick that I executed to perfection.
- He said I should follow him.
And I have told Eniye, Daddy is not going to beg for any child to enter university, and I dont have the energy to start pursuing lecturers around school.
-  We went to bed early.
UCC?
Its not far.
-  UCC - Its not far
Tuoyo slammed the passenger front door and let go of the hand brake before I had time to slap his hand off again.
-  We drove away.
Why are you outside?
They have not brought the question papers yet?
I saw one boy paying the invigilator cash to allow him to use the toilet so I got up and said I wanted to see my brother outside to collect pencils.
- It cost me about Osaze reached into his pocket and brought out a mashed- up bundle of notes.
- Youve started smoking.
The taxi driver ignored everything Aunty said and spoke, still smiling, So you people are the limited family?
How?
- Only graduates are allowed in.
Lorenchi.
- TJs guy.
-  Tuoyo agreed.
All these fake Cosa Nostra boys.
- All these fake Cosa Nostra boys
- Which of the confra boys be correct boys
Dad, never one to compromise his sleep, had been fitfully dozing under the full glare of the floodlights of his and Moms canopy when she had told me to take him home.
- She was like a gruff and quick-witted forties film noir girl.
-  These were the lives we lived while all around us the worlds mood darkened.
I asked as I opened the door for them.
They burnt Nova Hotel and Palm Royal Motel and that supermarket in town.
- I forget the name.
Wake up!
-  He ran around the parlour turning over duvets and bed sheets.
- Dark.
- She wound small.
What?
You need anything?
The pain?
A smoke.
Tuoyo asked.
- Yes!
I laughed and almost missed the turn into Brendas street.
-  Michael smiled but kept his eyes on the road.
One kind West Indian lady came up to me and tapped my left hand.
- I was holding Ewaen on the right and Osaze on the left.
Yes ma, I said, just as Osaze started shouting from inside the flat when did he enter?that I should come and show him my room; that his hands were getting tired because he was carrying my big suitcase.
- He bought these shoes last year.
-  Shes fine.
-  She shook her buttocks in front of my bowed head.
At the gate she waited under the roof of the short walkway and watched as I manoeuvred myself around their flooded front yard, up the short remnants of a fence, and tightroped the rest of the way until I hopped down on the other side of the body of water, then she said, About my lack of boyfriends, Ewaen.
This time?
- Its Lorenchi.
- Wait
When is it going to end?
-  Whatever, Tambo.
We came down two electric poles from the junction and legged it to a small brown bungalow that had a disproportionately large signboard announcing the offices of DR.
- SPIRIT AND LAW, THE WHITE WIZARDS.
Mesiri nodded slowly as the juju man continued, You see how the two bones resemble?
The oracle is saying that two friends, or two brothers who look so much alike that they could be twins, stole your money.
- The other people who are not here, how many are they?
Five, Tambo answered.
Would we forgive him this time?
We looked at the idiot, talking as though nothing had happened.
- Still with the spit-riddled, chewed- to-the-cuticle fingernails.
- He was playing hero.
- He said he would hook up with us.
- You too, Willy, Tuoyo, Ejiro.
He was asking me?
We were having our second MB exams in two months, and Willy was asking me if I could go to a party in Ekosodin of all places.
-  He was asking me
What do you think hes going to do in Abraka?
- My friends just invited me for a visit.
I asked.
I asked.
- Because.
- Im sure he was there.
I explained, Wilhelm problem is that he never knows when to stop, he does everything until the end.
And to travel to another school and shoot somebody?
What kind of cold-blooded crowd does he move with?
- Maybe he wasnt there when the guy was shot.
I asked.
- Tambo took a long drag from the stick and said, Oh boy.
This bastard shouted that he was going to blast Harry himself, that Harrys father was a pompous prick who disrespected other members of their extended family.
- Tambo said that Yibril went for Frank, pulled him up and started threatening him with a pistol to his head.
- I was surprised to find out that he was back from Abraka.
-  15 p.
What were we going to do?
Who was going to hear us cry for help?
Who was going to answer?
I didnt see anything from Mesiris window.
We let him down gently on his side.
- It was a Hausa dagger.
A nurse shouted, No!
Leave him there!
Let the doctor come and see.
- A nurse shouted, No - Leave him there
-  Mesiri sobbed, I hear.
God!
And the Cosa Nostra boys who Tambo warned us about may feel we saw them.
-  Osaze paused for a moment, shook his head and continued, Anyway.
They were chased down by a riot of students and were almost lynched.
Richard, sah!
- Richard, sah
Was it really because he wanted to be with her when she heard Madu was dead?
In the next few days, she was so taut with anxiety that he too began to worry about Madu and then resent himself for doing so, and then resent his resentment.
- He should not be so petty.
She thought them all to be ugly and overdesigned, but she was so pleased by the rage felt on her behalf that she pointed at one of them and murmured, O maka.
- It's lovely.
I see now how she made sure I was dead drunk before sending Amala to me.
Odenigbo and some of the neighborhood men had built it in a week; after they dug the pit, as wide as a hall, and after they roofed it with clay-layered palm trunks, he told her, We're safe now, nkem.
- We're safe.
We have been waiting since dawn!
Dr.
- We have been waiting since dawn -  Dr
Where is the radio?
Lagos may not tell the world that the British prime minister has come to help them kill us, but maybe those crazy people in Kaduna will.
-  Baby came out.
Inyang bent over her with a stethoscope and said, in gentle Pidgin English, How are you?
First the pregnant young woman recoiled and then she spat with a vicious intensity that wrinkled her forehead.
- Inyang bent over her with a stethoscope and said, in gentle Pidgin English, How are you -  First the pregnant young woman recoiled and then she spat with a vicious intensity that wrinkled her forehead
But he could not possibly know that they had no salt and Odenigbo drank kai-kai every day and Ugwu was conscripted and she had sold her wig.
- He could not possibly know.
The tears had welled up now and she sat down and began wiping them and sobbing aloud.
She saw that Freddie was not listening.
he sneered.
When you go, Freddie, promise me one ting.
Person like me wont be small gal every day.
- Person like me wont be small gal every day
Why you begin worry how I goin to return?
Is true, Jagua sighed.
- But sometimes I use to fear.
They made all the laws and the Governor looked on ...
Talking of Governors reminds me of that first Governor Sir Dalton Thomas.
Come on, man!
-  He seized her wrist.
You know what you doin to me?
But she was leaning on his arm and holding it dearly.
Freddie!
Kiss me, Freddie!
- Freddie -  Nancy -  Kiss me, Freddie
- I sure Freddie won mind.
- Sir
Hold on!
When he had changed he had a quick bath, and like a man running away from his own shadow, Freddie got into bed and switched off the light.
- So you disgrace me.
When she had had her bath and combed out her hair she came and took him to bed and whispered to him.
- She would not be bad any more.
I goin to return proper to mah trade.
- You won let me learn.
- You satisfy, now?
But was it natural, he asked himself, for all women to uphold their innocence  even Jagwa?
He wanted to know that one.
- He wanted to know that one
She sighed.
-  She sighed
Nancy put her parcel on the table and looked about the room.
-  Nancy put her parcel on the table and looked about the room
-  She tensed her brow and her eyes.
Freddie, Freddie  Oh!
- Freddie, Freddie  Oh
Her eyes were aflame and Freddie seeing them, went and shut the door.
Bite her back!
You got no teeth?
- Freddie felt a sweet glow at Jaguas humiliation and Nancys incredible nerve.
What I goin to do when her modder sen her to me  an you run away with other man?
You slept with Nancy.
- You slept with Nancy
Yes!
Freddie sneered.
- Yes -  Freddie sneered
Jagua snapped at him.
So she sendin Nancy to you now, so you kin marry her?
- K.
But the maddened woman only turned on him and he felt himself torn asunder as by a lioness.
All the tenants came down from their rooms but Jagua dared them to come within the range of the axe.
I beg you; I want to come inside, Freddie.
- Is Jagua here  your woman.
He was sure now.
- His voice was coming back.
Freddie, you come again!
She looked at the face of the girl; heart-shaped it was very beautiful.
- You cryin you cannot conceive chil, but you keep spoilin you blood with rotten nonsense.
- Me, young man like me
He talked on and she resigned herself to the lash of his derision and the acid of his condemnation.
She was afraid.
- Never had she known Freddie to refuse her.
At that moment, she meant it.
-  At that moment, she meant it
But the door was caving in, and suddenly it burst and there were strangers in the room.
- She was whimpering and she was gloriously naked.
Samuel!
And when he did not Mike!
Michael!
Her servant came and she Mike, wheres Freddie and Sam?
Samuel - ...
And when he did not Mike - ...
Her servant came and she Mike, wheres Freddie and Sam
She could not be sure now that Freddie would want to speak to her after their violent quarrel and his flight; but she walked up to him where he stood, coat in hand.
He came away with her to a part of the lounge while Uncle Taiwo and his friends walked towards the freight forwarding shed.
Freddie told her how he had managed to recover his passport after endless visits to the Immigration, and how his father had sent him a small sum  barely enough to pay his passage and to look after him for a few weeks.
Den God will look after you.
Her eyes had not left the sky.
Freddie had talked a good deal about his father and mother, about Bagana his hometown.
She did not care where he dropped her.
- The jobless ones had gathered round the Pontiac, admiring the layout of the instruments.
Go on!
Jagua was short of ideas.
!
- H.
He was shouting at the top of his voice and soon other Baganans arrived.
-  He was shouting at the top of his voice and soon other Baganans arrived
- She spoke with authority and Jagua was irritated.
- But Freddies Uncle, you will like him.
Uncle Namme smiled.
-  Jagua said, Dis be big palaver
- You only followin Freddie because you think he kin give you some young blood.
She began to run towards the palace.
Lord ave mercy!
Lord ave mercy
The anger had gone from Jagua; in its place grew fear.
Presently Uncle Namme, eyes reddened with sleep and swollen by O.
- H.
Uncle Namme paced up and down.
This morning, Your Highness?
You heard me!
And dont stand there arguing!
The cry was instantly taken up.
In the courtyard there was a fever of movement.
Uncle Namme looked at the kneeling Jagua.
-  Chief Ofubara smiled.
Are they still dividing themselves into smaller and smaller political parties?
We need to unite!
You believe in unity?
He fixed his eyes on her.
- But she was certain he was not looking at her, but beyond her.
-  You are very fair, my lady.
-  Ill send a messenger to tell him youre well and happy.
She got down and began to unbutton her skirt herself.
Oh, God bless you!
I like your shape, Jagua ...
-  Am a business woman; I cant marry no one, Chief.
Remember how you promise me?
Im sorry, Jagua!
Im only jokin ...
He held her arm tightly.
Jagua flared, leaping towards her enemy.
Goodbye, Chief!
Expect me!
In Ogabu she kept the mammy wagon waiting in the forest lane and ran to her fathers house.
Expect me
She ran quickly back to the lorry and jumped in beside the driver.
- The old man called after her.
You come to our Onitsha?
Is it in a good way?
-  He walked faster.
Jagua smiled.
- How you know he get money?
I know, Ma.
And when they expressed surprise, she reeled off the whole story, down to the detail of the reconciliation she had brought about.
The sensation of being followed brought with it a new kind of self- importance.
- She tried to guess from the rhythm of the steps what kind of a person it was.
You see me?
-  The chance was not one to be missed.
I also got one gal frien, Sabina.
I mean, you tell me about your frien who drive taxi and the other frien that he got, and you tell me about your gal friend, but ...
I begin to wonder.
Yes, murmured Dennis, seeking another kiss.
I know what you want!
- Das what Jagua woman is for.
You be real Jagwa, said young Dennis, and the words were sweet in her ear.
You come to see us today, Ma!
Oh, Sabina?
Come inside.
Wonderful!
I left all better men to come and marry you, youre not glad!
You should rejoice!
- You should rejoice
Sabina came towards Dennis, wiggling her full hips.
Nex time she mus know how to talk!
You think I need money so much?
-  Jagua sighed.
- She will live there.
Is jus my bad luck, das all, Dennis said.
Jagua said to him, Dennis, you better go now.
-  Uncle Taiwos face did not soften and she knew he did not believe her.
She was hissing like a cobra.
-  She was hissing like a cobra
Dennis!
Tell me true word, Dennis!
-  He came nearer.
-  Jagua recoiled.
- But what happen
- The policeman is in hospital now, on danger list.
Sabina, kill ...
woman  and kill herself, for Dennis?
This is a dream, Jagua told herself.
- A mad dream, a nightmare.
From the day when the twelve policemen came to search them and Dennis and Sabina showed no fear  even though they had the missing trinkets  Jagua lived in awe and admiration of them, especially of Sabina, the iron- nerved girl in her teens.
Is all nonsense!
- Is all nonsense
Which day you return?
So I think!
- I hear also dat Chief Ofubara wan to marry you.
Dennis Odoma, though young, was no substitute for Freddie Namme.
- Freddie had more than youth.
- Ah love my wife, Jagua.
Welcome, Freddie!
A passing car lit up his frowning face.
And das where Dennis Odoma live.
He had been studying in England, but did he know the problems of the people of Lagos, after being in residence for a few weeks?
In three months time voters would be called upon to choose a man who would present their views to the Council.
- It was only in O.
- The thin glass broke into fragments and the beer formed little frothy lakes on the carpet.
I got no work an you forsake me Freddie extended his hand.
Me?
A smile played on his lips.
-  A smile played on his lips
-  Uncle Taiwo laughed.
So soon?
-  He leaned back and slapped his knee.
What?
He began to laugh and to slap his knees, the stool, shaking till the beer glasses bounced off the stool.
- What
Oh, you jus too funny.
- Oh, you jus too funny
Oh, Lord!
- No more unemployment.
My other wives?
He laughed again.
-  My other wives -  He laughed again
- People never hear of him.
-  Uncle Taiwo led the way.
First of all, welcome from Englan!
Why I will tell you lie?
I swear to God!
The man seated beside Jagua folded his robes and glared at Nancy Oll.
You know Freddie  too much!
- You miss your chance.
You bastard!
Harlot, you got no shame!
-  You bastard
Fool!
I dont care now.
You hear about Dennis Odoma?
-  So I hear.
- Is a very serious offence.
-  No, Jagua.
But as nobody moved, she began running back to the Tropicana, murmuring, I know who do this!
For three successive days now Jagua had been trying to see Freddie in hospital.
- What you want here
Your Freddie was a famous man who people love.
Foolish imaginings, Jagua told herself.
- But it was possible that all these things would be haunting Uncle Taiwo now.
-  There was something brutal in his gruffness.
-  He laughed
He pulled away, and she looked at his face.
- She knew the truth now.
Jagua asked, Is not dangerous?
No, is not dangerous.
- Jagua asked, Is not dangerous -  No, is not dangerous
Jagua, I come to warn you!
1 people ...
-  She was casting round the room, quickly bundling her things into her suitcase.
And Jagua thanked God for Mikes stupidity.
Rosa seized her.
-  Rosa seized her
And it was Rosa who hailed the taxi that took them to safety.
She felt a sudden panic mixed with irritation.
- Something she could not imagine had happened.
Jagua sucked in her breath.
- She looked at Brother Fonso, and Fonso was not there, only the darkness.
He had seen her married off and she had been wayward and had come to Lagos to pursue the Tropicana lights and the glittering laughter of seductive men, the sequin sheen of the fickle fashions.
Is a shame!
His voice was biting.
I got it here.
- She could not even remember how she performed that journey, but when the lorry turned into the familiar jungle drive, she knew she was home.
When she was small like this ...
how could she know her life would run into these cross-currents of shame, bitterness and degradation?
When she was small like this ...
she had lived free and simple in Ogabu.
She spoke rapidly in Ibo now that they were in Iboland.
You hear anythin about Dennis Odoma?
Rosa asked at one point.
-  Rosa asked at one point
No!
what happen?
Rosa asked.
- No - what happen -  Rosa asked
Rosa told how the magistrates face clouded as he added up the pros and cons, how Dennis stood in the dock, trembling.
She checked herself, unable to tell Rosa about the jealous incident when she had pursued Nancy Namme into the waters of Krinameh.
Rosa told how Chief Ofubara had come with some others for a conference in Lagos, something to do with chieftaincy.
- Jagua sighed.
-  Jagua glanced at the mourning dress she was wearing.
Never min, said Jagua.
- Jagua your hand too free -  Never min, said Jagua
- I sure to succeed.
I described a man who, like Ekwensis Amusa Sango, was seeing a new citysomething with a feeling.
- I tink is the gal who jus lef here.
The girl in the red jeans Why he come ask me?
Sango was touched.
You frighten me with your eyes!
Oh, let me go before you kill me!
Quickly!
- You frighten me with your eyes -  Quickly
The gal like you too much.
Sango merely smiled.
Women with trays of big juicy tomatoes, basins of garri, or corn, or melon seeds, women who sold trinkets and plastic buckets and dyed cloth, men who sold coral charms and wooden combs and turtle-doves and string vests and cotton trousers and slippers, women who sold mosquito coils and magic love mirrors and hurricane lamps and tobacco leaves, with stalls of patterned cloths next to those of fresh-fish traders, jostled everywhere, filled the roadside, sprawled in fantastic confusion.
Striding as if he were on stage, waving his hands angrily, the landlord Why do I have to come and pester you for my rent, eh?
When you wanted the room you came and begged me.
Must I sing to you all night, for seven days, and sacrifice two white hens, and two dizzying bottles of ogogoro, before you hear me?
And even now your mother is wandering about in the night, crying to the wind and the road and the hidden angels, looking for a way to reach you.
Please listen to you know how hard he would whip us?
Dont you even know?
Listen, he has cowhides, kobokos he bought from the meat-roasting mallamthat one is very painful!
Listen, Jesus, if you let him come back and he whips us, we wont go to Sunday school again, and we wont sing and clap in church ever again!
Amen.
-  Amen, I repeated after him.
The woman, Iya Iyabo, lived in a small bungalow whose exterior was identical to a small balcony, two windows with louvres and nettings, an electric meter box clamped to the wall, and a storm door, except that her fence was not made of bricks and cement but of mud and clay.
- The fence was cracked in places from long exposure to the sun, and was littered with spots and smears.
She often spoke Yoruba to Mother, who perfectly understood the language, although she never believed herself proficient in it and almost never spoke it otherwise, but would always have us talk with people on her behalf.
-  Chi-neke!
Then bending so that nothing but her legs alone became visible under the door of the refrigerator, she He wont; where will he go?
I dont know, Boja replied, but I fear.
-  He wont; this fear will not last, it will leave him, Mother said in a voice that was assured, and I could tell at the time that shed believed it.
-  Eh, eh, Mother stammered.
- The woman rose, and together, with Nkem following, they went out.
All attention went to them as Fathers voice leapt from communal Im deeply sorry, your Lordship, to Nne, biko, ebezina, eme naife aDo not cry, dont do this.
I wanted you to drink with me.
-  Mr.
You remember what happened when I came for my interview?
Sagoe did not immediately answer, and Mathiass eyes suddenly opened wide.
-  You remember what happened when I came for my interview
He turned to Mathias, How do you work in this stench?
-  And he roared away for a full minute.
-  Im leaving, Mathias.
-  He knew his man
Not yet.
and he hunched over to his knees with laughter.
and he hunched over to his knees with laughter
Never mind, feeling he might lose a friend if he confessed the truth.
- Never mind, feeling he might lose a friend if he confessed the truth
-  You mean you havent any other lavatory?
Unless woman own.
Sagoe nodded, and Mathias pressed the point.
Why do you keep a duplicate key then?
And Greenbottle tried to see the eyes beneath the cap.
Sagoe found that he had moved forward, picked up the tray.
You realise he is my guest?
Put the drinks on my bill.
- Two.
-  Thank you.
Mathias had passed the sight coming to work in the morning as his bus made a sudden, near disastrous swerve to avoid the spot.
To the police station.
-  He knew these individualist taxi-drivers.
Unless we Africans drive all dis foreign firm commot...
Stop!
I said stop.
Stop -  I said stop
Stop!
- Stop
Are you deaf?
Stop right here!
The man stopped, a jelly now, and convinced also that he had lost hope of a pardon by his delay in obeying the officer.
- Stop right here
"Nnu Ego, my pet child, you know I have been making preliminary arrangements for you to go to another man?" "Yes, Father, I have noticed the movements of people.
- "Yes, Father, I have noticed the movements of people
Nnu Ego was grateful for it, and was just falling asleep with a full stomach when in walked a man with a belly like a pregnant cow, wobbling first to this side and then to that.
He more or less steered him away from Nnu Ego who followed them inside and sat huddled in a chair, as if she was suffering from cold.
- She fought back tears of frustration.
- The others would cut the grass at a leisurely pace, for they had a saying,
Nnu Ego still sold firewood, garri and other foodstuffs.
How far away from Lagos?
Ken says.
- Is there an airport nearby?
The line sizzles.
Now listen well, Adunni, after your papa put down the...
- Change the mind of the peoples of this land from their foolishness and wickedness because they somehow think we and the spirits is the problem of small rain.
Like, it doesnt even have to be an iPhone 6 plus or whatever as long as its got Google Maps or Siri or some sort of thingy that can guide me out of here like ASAP?
-  I squeeze my nose, thinking
- Yes, I think, my heart tumbling in my chest.
When you come out from here, you walk small to the left by the shrine of Baba Ogun, then turn right down-down the road of maize, in the left of it, you will see Okuta farm.
Is he asking or telling?
A whistle?
-  Is he asking or telling - A whistle
At the same time?
As in no worries?
Are you nuts?
Efe shines her teeth like she is making a joke, before shrugging her shoulder.
- My name is not your business, the girl with the beads on her legs says next.
Anybody have two Benson?
Why are you all looking at me wicked?
Is ciga not good for baby?
No ciga?
Any whiskey?
In that case, can I rap?
Im sitting on this rock!
Flexing like a flock!
Efe, please.
- Can you answer my questions?
Wait.
Maybe Idowu can learn typing and go to ministry and become a sek- ree-tree?
- We cried, and he promise me that he will never forget me.
That night, I ask him why?
That was when he tell me about the poison.
- That night, I ask him why - That was when he tell me about the poison
Maybe there is a why.
- Maybe there is a why
I come and go and keep eye on them.
The man rakes Hauwas legs with his own so that she crashes to the floor and lands on her back with a sharp, short sound, but I feel the earth under me tremble as if it was a big rock and not a small girl that fell.
Loud!
It is time for us to dance back.
What happened to you?
She takes a step close to Zenab, squinting her eyes as if the moon light is too very bright.
I slap my hand down on my thighs.
- Im just out for a post-concert stroll.
someone said.
Anthony said, stepping forward and hauling Chris to his feet.
-  Anthony said, stepping forward and hauling Chris to his feet
Only an hour ago, I came downstairs to her witchs den and found my wife with two strange men!
he said.
And there was.
Isnt that what you people call Lagos?
Look at Father Oke!
Philo smiled.
he asked.
-  he asked
- He pinched his smooth chin pensively with his fingers.
He narrowed his eyes.
Miracle!
-  Maybe, Philo said.
Philo shrugged and laughed.
Mommy, we want to see the alien, Kola demanded.
once since shed met him.
Moziz asked, after Tolu, Troy and Jacobs had watched the film another three times.
-  Moziz asked, after Tolu, Troy and Jacobs had watched the film another three times
- Like Father Oke, Moziz knew when he had people wrapped around his finger and he reveled in it.
-  He leaned forward.
He held up a fist for emphasis.
- He leaned back.
- Moziz gave Troy a very foul look.
-  They were all in.
When the chatter began to swell into panic, Father Oke shouted, Calm down!
Calm down!
Listen!
Near instant silence.
- He had these people eating out of his hand.
Wash them in the Blood of Christ!
-  He paused, smiling at their frightened faces.
- But I think hell be smart enough to focus on the crisis at hand.
- They all agreed.
Jacobs nodded, got out, stood beside Moziz open window, shoved his hands in the pockets of his baggy jeans and looked around.
- Moziz frowned as he watched people.
- Moziz rolled his eyes, annoyed.
- Tolu never saw anything until it was explained to him in full.
Jacobs heard a guy ask.
-  Jacobs heard a guy ask
Eeey, Tolu and Troy exclaimed, sitting straight up and looking out the window.
Moziz and Troy were wielding guns.
- Moziz looked at Tolu and Jacobs, then gave a small nod.
A gay pride group?
In Lagos?
There were women in suits and a man standing beside them was wearing a pink shirt and.
Troy asked, as they threw themselves into the Nissan.
- Drive!
Moziz shouted.
See how you like it!
a woman shouted at Oke.
Adaora would have smiled if she hadnt been in fear for Father Okes life.
Oh God!
Moziz shouted.
- The concrete beneath Jacobs feet shifted.
she whispered.
-  she whispered
- But now Moziz was tired of thinking.
- Look.
he said.
- Nonsense.
the woman asked.
-  the woman asked
Philo said, grabbing Moziz arm and pulling him toward the building.
- Tolu followed.
Jacobs asked Rain.
-  Jacobs asked Rain
- Dat one no dangerous -  Moziz snapped
he asked.
- Yes.
Jacobs shrugged.
-  Jacobs shrugged
He was suddenly sure that hed left a pile of dresses on the chair.
- They all knew he didnt have a girlfriend.
-  Tolu looked at Jacobs with open-mouthed disgust.
Jacobs glanced at Rain, who was watching quietly.
-  Jacobs glanced at Rain, who was watching quietly
Cars passed him as he ran and, once, he fell into a large deep pothole that he hadnt seen in the darkness.
OceanofPDF.
-  OceanofPDF
Several of the people laughed hard.
-  Several of the people laughed hard
- You should have plenty of new material for a new album, Adaora told Anthony.
To exclaim it is the same as saying, Oh my God!
This type of building is common in urban areas in Nigeria, such as Lagos Gari  a creamy white, granular flour made from fermented, gelatinized fresh cassava tubers Go-slow (Pidgin English)  heavy traffic Gragra (Pidgin English)  a show of bravado (often false) Ibi (Pidgin English)  it be Igbo  1.
- the third largest ethnic group in Nigeria (the author of this book is Igbo) and name of the language of the Igbo people 2.
Nigerian slang for cannabis (unrelated to the Igbo people or language, and not capitalized as a proper noun) Kai (Pidgin English)  a sympathetic exclamation Kata kata (Pidgin English)  trouble of the sort that only the poor experience Kparoof (Pidgin English)  manhandle Marine witch  who the heck really knows?
NEPA  pronounced neh-pah.
- An acronym that stands for the National Electric Power Authority.
If my papa comes back to find me, will Iya tell them where we are going?
- She is a stubborn woman and is not afraid to die.
I dont want trouble in this Lagos and I cannot be going back to Ikati, but the man, the Big Daddy man, he was holding me tight, making me to fear.
But how she know I will be just fine?
All she need to do is enter a aeloplane and she will see her own mama in Port Harcourt.
- But me, which aeloplane can take me to heaven?
My mama is nothing but a sweet memory of hope, a bitter memory of pain, sometimes a flower, other times a flashing light in the sky.
I wide my eyes, shake my head no.
She will beat me stupid, and she may send me away.
- Yes, Father, those who are Mes- 20.
- (The Amens grow more and more ecstatic.
- A.
Thread URLComment
Dear Ladies & Gentlemen,Thank you for your interest in advertising on the Nairaland Forum!Nairaland runs aTargeted Ad Platformwith which any Nairaland member can place adverts on the sections of Nairaland where the people he/she wants to reach are most likely to be found (for example, a political party could place ads on the politics section with it).To place ads on Nairaland, the first step is to get your ad banner designed by agood graphic designer.
Your ad banner must be borderless, 318 pixels wide, 106 pixels tall, less than 30kb in size, and in the PNG or JPG format.
Once it's ready, go to click (Upload Ad) to upload yourbanner adandlanding page, and wait for approval.
(Your ad might not be approved if it's deceptive or illegal or morally questionable in some way).After your ad is approved, we will provide you with information about how to purchase advertising credits so you can freely place your ads on any section of Nairaland - including the home page.
Our system is extremely simple by design.Please see ourEstimated Advertising Ratesto find out how much it'll cost to advertise on the various sections of Nairaland on the long run (prices on the short term are strongly correlated with traffic levels).
Billing takes place every few minutes and you will get detailed reports on unique clicks and views and charges for each ad/section and for your entire account over various time periods.We look forward to doing business with you!Best regards,Seun Osewa.
How do you charge?
Per impression?
Per hour?We charge for approximate value delivered.
This is highly correlated with traffic on the short run.
So when there's less traffic, you pay less, and when you're charged more, it will most likely be due to an increase in traffic.
However, on the long run, that's not the only factor we consider.
Sexual ads will only be accepted of placed in the sexuality section.Can we submit animated ads?No.
This is because they are distracting.
NAIRALAND.COM TRAFFIC STATISTICSJune 5,383,512 unique visitors, 29,994,528 visits.
30 days.July 4,687,723 unique visitors, 30,045,109 visits.
243,243,183 pageviews.
31 days.August 4,522,759 unique visitors, 29,099,356 visits.
236,989,478 pageviews.
31 days.September 4,604,737 unique visitors, 28,567,661 visits.
222,053,830 pageviews.
30 days.October 6,263,777 unique visitors, 31,459,244 visits.
230,825,685 pageviews.
31 days.November 7,450,955 unique visitors, 31,096,346 visits.
207,007,864 pageviews.
30 days.December 6,918,180 unique visitors, 31,231,779 visits.
197,002,943 pageviews.
31 days.January 6,864,530 unique visitors, 32,250,208 visits.
194,676,440 pageviews.
31 days.February 6,498,967 unique visitors, 30,147,803 visits.
183,042,363 pageviews.
29 daysMarch 6,728,187 unique visitors, 35,228,755 visits.
214,926,597 pageviews.
31 days.April 7,050,090 unique visitors, 36,846,836 visits.
236,881,816 pageviews.
30 days.May 6,062,281 unique visitors, 33,356,351 visits.
218,505,545 pageviews.
31 days.June 5,526,878 unique visitors, 31,900,040 visits.
206,170,085 pageviews.
205,142,889 pageviews.
31 days.August 5,570,120 unique visitors, 30,863,026 visits.
200,910,970 pageviews.
31 days.September 7,919,696 unique visitors, 33,085,053 visits.
211,937,064 pageviews.
30 days.October 6,184,597 unique visitors, 34,669,525 visits.
235,597,769 pageviews.
31 days.November 4,850,703 unique visitors, 29,776,174 visits.
197,671,596 pageviews.
30 days.December 4,633,436 unique visitors, 28,411,952 visits.
194,452,882 pageviews.
31 days.January 4,835,986 unique visitors, 29,445,072 visits.
199,325,518 pageviews.
31 days.February 4,287,781 unique visitors, 25,993,858 visits.
172,071,514 pageviews.
31 days.April 4,309,451 unique visitors, 26,786,608 visits.
180,468,728 pageviews.
212,513,069 pageviews.
31 days.June 4,162,899 unique visitors, 29,130,649 visits.
214,516,269 pageviews.
30 days.July 5,021,764 unique visitors, 30,883,563 visits.
224,622,213 pageviews.
220,644,127 pageviews.
31 days.September 4,904,417 unique visitors, 28,991,999 visits.
30 days.October 5,153,428 unique visitors, 29,073,919 visits.
203,423,813 pageviews.
31 days.November 4,869,339 unique visitors, 28,083,969 visits.
195,192,711 pageviews.
30 days.December 4,412,720 unique visitors, 26,430,868 visits.
190,648,456 pageviews.
31 days.January 4,535,861 unique visitors, 27,074,542 visits.
188,928,327 pageviews.
31 days.February 4,143,460 unique visitors, 24,468,901 visits.
167,770,176 pageviews.
28 daysMarch 4,507,599 unique visitors, 28,415,996 visits.
199,793,939 pageviews.
31 days.April 4,673,607 unique visitors, 27,855,308 visits.
189,868,463 pageviews.
206,390,997 pageviews.
31 days.June 4,677,448 unique visitors, 31,168,064 visits.
216,336,611 pageviews.
30 days.July 4,589,470 unique visitors, 29,261,813 visits.
204,696,605 pageviews.
31 days.August 4,616,255 unique visitors, 28,109,634 visits.
190,003,573 pageviews.
174,922,349 pageviews.
30 days.October 5,784,372 unique visitors, 27,919,013 visits.
174,448,365 pageviews.
31 days.November 5,216,571 unique visitors, 26,475,246 visits.
163,074,381 pageviews.
30 days.December 5,042,763 unique visitors, 25,564,015 visits.
158,011,582 pageviews.
31 days.January 5,108,989 unique visitors, 26,116,854 visits.
169,992,363 pageviews.
31 days.February 4,666,672 unique visitors, 28,406,164 visits.
191,232,944 pageviews.
28 daysMarch 4,953,892 unique visitors, 30,690,213 visits.
187,284,512 pageviews.
31 days.April 4,121,378 unique visitors, 24,329,344 visits.
142,385,180 pageviews.
30 days.May 4,324,182 unique visitors, 24,905,189 visits.
151,409,017 pageviews.
31 days.June 3,811,596 unique visitors, 24,667,946 visits.
150,413,140 pageviews.
30 days.July 3,828,292 unique visitors, 23,629,164 visits.
139,691,658 pageviews.
31 days.
I placed my ad on a section of Nairaland but the placement has been 'pending;'for a very long time.
Why?There are six advertising slots in every section of Nairaland.
This means that only six advertisers can place their ads on any section of Nairaland at the same time.
However, once a slot is vacated by an advertiser for one of 2 reasons - manual removal or running out of ad credit - the slot will be handed over to the advertiser with the earliest pending placement.
(2) Creating new ads to target sections that are less similar.
Please resist the temptation to remove and then resubmit pending placements.
If you do that, you will be placed at the very end of the queue.Why is this issue more pronounced in the section where I want to place my ads, and what are you doing about it?We have just launched a smart algorithm that will gradually balance the demand for and supply of ad slots in the various sections of the forum.
OFFICIAL STATEMENT FROM THE DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONSOur attention has been drawn to the recent false rumors alleging that Senator Prince Ned Munir Nwoko is planning to marry Nollywood actress Chika Ike as his seventh wife and that she is pregnant for him.
We categorically state that these claims are entirely baseless and a product of malicious speculation.Similarly, reports claiming he made statements about Tuface and polygamy are completely untrue.
As a public figure and with his wife also being an actress, it is not unusual for bloggers seeking attention to fabricate such stories.
However, Senator Nwoko is currently on a national assignment, focused on delivering on his political mandate, and has no time for distractions.
This office remains available to journalists for verification of information, and we remind media practitioners of the consequences of spreading fake news.
The public is advised to disregard these rumors and rely only on official statements from his office.SignedDirector of CommunicationsOffice of Senator Prince Ned Munir Nwoko
G
I spy with my little eye....Lies lies and more liesWhy did your smallie run away from Instagram?The media aid nor get name ni?
Liars
See Regina Daniels reaction
Lol, something that was sent here like 20 minutes ago.
Nairaland
But you are sleeping with her.
Well, I cant wait for this allegation to Intensify so Regina can free herself from the shackles of Ned, then she would be free for those of us that are Aspirant to that her Kukunase
But you have gone there
Ok.
Over to Chika Ike.
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
Why isn't Ned himself doing the explanation?
Why should Ned even explain to anyone about his private life?
Did he seek our approval before marrying his grandchild mate Regina Daniels?
Chika Ike is my ex.
I wanted this baby with her but she wasn't ready.
Tuface's uncle.Free donor.
Noted.
Hehehe...truth is lurking somewhere
From Tuface to N
It's true; Ned Nwoko does not deny his polygamous life, neither does he deny any child he fathered, in fact, he is a proud polygamous man.If it's Ned Nwoko that impregnated Chika Ike, he won't come out to deny it, he will rather stay quiet as the rumor dies down
Denial before acceptance
Federal Lawmakers Loyal To Wike Knocks Falana, Threatens Anarchy If Amaewhule Isn't Recognized ISSUED BY THE RIVERS STATE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY CAUCUS.Gentlemen of the press.1.
We have invited you this morning to extinguish the delusion,  prevarication, lies, and the deliberate distortion of facts and judgements of courts as it affects the Rivers State House of Assembly under the leadership of Rt.
Martin Amaewhule, the Governor of Rivers State.2.
This has become very necessary as the governor has procured the services of some persons, including Senior Advocates of Nigeria, to turn the law and judgments of court upside down to skew public opinion to align with the GovernorTMs position and give him a reason not to obey any judgment of court that is against him or not in his favour.3.
We wish to caution Mr.
Femi Falana SAN, to stop misinterpreting judgments of court.
It is regrettable that a very senior lawyer of his status will be amplifying the falsehood from  non-lawyers and political merchants.Falana, lied about the dates of the judgment of Hon.
Justice J.K.
Omotosho and the purported defection that never took place with the intention of misleading the public.We wish to warn these false content creators and political merchants that it is very possible to continue to eat from the treasury of Rivers State without tampering with the position of the law, and the intentional misinterpretation of judgment of courts.4.
For the records, there were several reliefs aside from the presentation of the 2024 budget sought by the Rt.
Martins Amaewhule led Assembly before the Hon.
Justice J.K.
Omotosho, which included the determination of who is the speaker and members of the Rivers State House of Assembly; non interference by the governor of Rivers State with the activities and functions of the MartinTMs led Assembly;  protection by the Inspector General of Police to ensure adequate security for them to carry out their duties; and the disbandment of any other House of Assembly in Rivers State or Self-acclaimed Speaker other than Rt.
Martins Amaewhule and the 27 members.5.
All the reliefs sought by Rt.
Martins Amaewhule were granted by the Hon.
Justice J.
K.
Omotosho on the 22nd of January 2024.We hereby produce the orders of the Hon.
Justice J.
K.
Omotosho, as affirmed by the Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court.We refer the Press to pages 6 to 16 of the Judgement.6.
ItTMs instructive to state emphatically that by the withdrawal of the GovernorTMs appeal before the Supreme Court and the dismissal of the suit with cost, the judgment and all orders made by Hon.
Justice J.
K.
This, of course, includes the affirmation of Rt.
Martins Amaewule as Speaker and the 27 members of the Rivers State House of Assembly as the ONLY House of Assembly of Rivers State and the directive to the Inspector General of Police to provide security to enable the Rivers State House of Assembly to continue to perform their functions without hindrance.7.
We wish to call the attention of the Governor of Rivers State, that in his Notice of Withdrawal before the Supreme Court, he rightly referred to Rt.
Martins Amaewule as the Speaker of the Rivers State House of Assembly.
Therefore, there is no more contest as to who the Speaker of the Rivers State House of Assembly is.
And any attempt to continue to deal with any person or forum as the Rivers State House of Assembly is not only contemptuous of the judgment of the Supreme Court but a direct call for political anarchy or social lawlessness.The shameless and contemptuous actions of giving any assignment whatsoever to anybody purporting same to be Rivers State House of Assembly other than Rt.
Martins.
Amaewule led House of Assembly should stop forthwith.8.
The Governor of Rivers State having failed to use the Court of Justice Wali to unseat the 27 lawmakers, has initiated a plot at a Federal High Court in Rivers State to declare the seats of the Rt.
Martins Amaewule and the 27 members vacant, even when a Federal High Court, Appeal Court and the Supreme Court have all affirmed Rt.
Martins Amaewule and the 27 lawmakers as the only Rivers State House of Assembly.9.
We are calling on the Executive Arm to execute the judgment of the Court of Appeal, affirming Rt.
Martins Amaewule and the 27 lawmakers as the only Rivers State House of Assembly to avoid any breakdown of law and order in Rivers State.1- REP.
Kingsley Ogundu Chinda DSSRS(Minority Leader)2- SEN.
Barry Mpigi  DSSRS(NASS Rivers Caucus Leader)3- RT.
HON.
Falana should tell veiwers that, everything he is saying is his own opinion.
Falana should tell veiwers that, everything he is his saying is his own opinion.
Noted.
Are You Looking for Highly Profitable Business Ideas with Little or No Capital?Worry no more!
Access in-depth guides that will transform these ideas into lucrative ventures....
Step-by-Step Guidance  Get detailed instructions on how to start, grow, and profit!
Get Your Copy Now!
Call or WhatsApp Us Now Check my profile or click on my profile link here    contact details!DonTMt miss this opportunity to start a business with little or no capital and achieve financial independence!
Meanwhile, I hear the SW is in sixes and There's DSS and Police invasion of the Lagos State House of Assembly.
Baba Sope dynasty is about to crumble.There's hullabaloo in Osun State, as showdown between PDP thugs and APC agberos is in full swing.The atmosphere in Ilorin, Kwara State capital, is chaotic as residents have stormed the streets protesting the killing and organ harvesting of Yetunde Lawal.Ondo State youths have set Police Station ablaze.And of course, Ogun State, the skull mining and ritual capital of Nigeria, is not relenting in the business of dismembering and decapitating human beings for ritual and fetish purposes.Only chukwu okike abiama can save the land of the fallen demons at this point.
The man wit the balls of steel.
The slayer of Wike.
Hehehehehe   ...
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
Wike in the mud
Ride on Governor SIM Fubara the good people of Rivers State are fully behind youWike to the mud againOtilor
Bastards.
Lizard of ikwere..
wike is shitty..
Falana should tell veiwers that, everything he is his saying is his own opinion.
where in this report did the lawmakers threaten anarchy?It is a pity that Femi Falana has allowed himself to be reduced to this low level of wilfully spreading lies and fake information that he knows to be fake.
Is Falana that hungry?
That judgement has settled the question of who the rightful Speaker of the Assembly is.
Any action contrary to that judgement is in contempt of the Supreme Court.
More troubles being created in Nigeria fighting war at all fronts.
Falana should tell veiwers that, everything he is his saying is his own opinion.
Falana it's only the court can declare any elective seat vacant in Nigeria not youEveryone has been giving their interpretation of the judgment, why are you picking on Falana?
If what?
I like Sim nut I hate lies.I'll stand for truth anyday anytime.The truth is by law the 27 members are the Rivers state assembly recognized by law.See the orders of Justice Omotosho that the Governor Sim appealed that was upheld at the appeal court and and supreme court.
Everyone has been giving their interpretation of the judgment, why are you picking on Falana?is the thread not about falana or you just jump to quote without reading?
Police, DSS Arrest PDP Thugs Attempting to Disrupt Reinstatement of Osun LG ChairmanSecurity operatives from the Nigeria Police Force and the Department of State Services (DSS) have arrested several suspected PDP thugs who allegedly attempted to disrupt the peaceful reinstatement of the duly elected Local Government Chairman in Osun State.The security agencies acted swiftly to maintain order and ensure a smooth transition following the recent Appeal Court ruling.
Hmm
Let us obey court ruling
Pdpiigs
PDP have always been like thisUnder Obj and that other clown from Otueke, they bullied opposition members everywhere with their useless thugsThey should be taught a horrible lesson now
The ones challenging police and dss in edo election tribunal police has turned a blind eye, even when one of the cultist and thug loyal to apc was openly calling the dss guy a small boy police was there begging them, lol, they laws is only meant for Nigerian people and opposition parties
They will all be arrested.
No hope for Pdp in Osun State.
All the Apc lg chairmen taking over the 30 lg secretariats in Osun State.
They will all be arrested.
No hope for Pdp in Osun State.
All the Apc lg chairmen taking over the 30 lg secretariats in Osun State.
Is this not the same guy that campaigned for Adeleke in 2022 election?
I guess Adeleke didn't pay u.
Mr propaganda,let me burst ur bubble that there's no way for those APC chairman in osun.
The masses are solidly behind Adeleke.
Their case will be like the oyo state case.
Nothing for them.Osun is PDP and PDP is osun.
Adeleke will do his 8 years and nothing go happen.Go to okefia and see the transformation on that road.
jonathan dont bully, you lie for PDP have always been like thisUnder Obj and that other clown from Otueke, they bullied opposition members everywhere with their useless thugsThey should be taught a horrible lesson now
I told people who cared to listen then, why I surported Osinbanjo against Tinubu, Tinubu will be too powerful if he becomes president, he would rule like military president, before this man finishes second term, Nigeria will become one party state.
Noted.
They ended up disgracing themselves.
The ones challenging police and dss in edo election tribunal police has turned a blind eye, even when one of the cultist and thug loyal to apc was openly calling the dss guy a small boy police was there begging them, lol, they laws is only meant for Nigerian people and opposition partiesand the ruling party are not Nigerians?
Adeleke bois
STOP THE VOILENCE PLSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSPersonal assistantNEEDED URGENTLY TO RESUME IN LEKKI PHASE 1FEMALE 100kCONTACT : 08169827645 FOR IMMEDIATE PLACEMENT
One online raggamuffin is even commenting rubbish..Calling a whole former president a clown.That's what we have when kids occupy social media space.
Supreme is next I think
Lies
Hhehehehehe no job in Yoruba land only thug job
Police, DSS Arrest PDP Thugs Attempting to Disrupt Reinstatement of Osun LG ChairmanSecurity operatives from the Nigeria Police Force and the Department of State Services (DSS) have arrested several suspected PDP thugs who allegedly attempted to disrupt the peaceful reinstatement of the duly elected Local Government Chairman in Osun State.The security agencies acted swiftly to maintain order and ensure a smooth transition following the recent Appeal Court ruling.
is the police officer or DSS officer who identified them as PDP thugs?How do we know that they are not APC thugs and that you are doing propaganda for them
PDP have always been like thisUnder Obj and that other clown from Otueke, they bullied opposition members everywhere with their useless thugsThey should be taught a horrible lesson nowMC Oluwerey said hi!
Flog them
Former Governor of Anambra State,Peter Obi, has called for the immediate reopening of markets that were collaterally affected by the closure of the Head Bridge Market in Onitsha.The market was shut down by regulatory and security agencies due to alleged trading in illegal drugs within a section known as Ogbo Ogwu.While condemning the sale of illicit drugs, Obi, in a statement on Monday via X, emphasised the need for fairness in the enforcement of the law.One unequivocally condemns such illicit drug trading activities and urges the government to take all necessary measures to eradicate the sale of fake itemsespecially drugsand legally prosecute the perpetrators for the health and safety of society, he stated.Their continued closure is severely affecting the livelihoods of millions, especially during this difficult period in our country, Obi wroteHe also called for transparency in the search of shops, urging authorities to involve store owners during inspections.The search should be conducted transparently, with store owners present while their shops are inspected and items removed by the law and due process, he advised.Recalling his tenure as Anambra governor, Obi shared his approach to handling similar situations.Whenever we encountered public health threats, we addressed them collaboratively and methodically with the relevant agencies.
In cases requiring market interventions, we worked closely with regulatory authorities and security agencies, ensuring fairness and due process, he explained.He urged the state government to reconsider the current strategy to prevent undue hardship on traders and protect the stateTMs economy.A more balanced and transparent approach will enhance both security and economic stability, Obi added, emphasising the need to weigh public health measures against their economic impact.
The fight against Igbo business interests is in full swing, but just as always since 1966, they will end up hurting Nigeria and its stuttering economy.
Peter Obi, former Governor of Anambra State, has called for the immediate reopening of markets affected by the closure of the Head Bridge Market in Onitsha, which was shut down due to drug-related activities in a section known as Ogbo Ogwu.
Reflecting on his tenure, he advocated for a balanced approach to public health and economic stability, urging the state government to reconsider the current strategy to minimize hardship on traders.
The fight against Igbo business interests is in full swing, but just as always since 1966, they will end up hurting Nigeria and its stuttering economy.You support importers of fake drug?I pray you guys secession issue is resolved so you can go your own wayOur reasoning and way of life are miles apart
Obi is a very foolish person for asking for this.Peter obi will never become the president of Nigeria
Peter Obi, former Governor of Anambra State, has called for the immediate reopening of markets affected by the closure of the Head Bridge Market in Onitsha, which was shut down due to drug-related activities in a section known as Ogbo Ogwu.
It will backfire on everyone.
This kind of human being should not be the leader of even an estate.
Obi is a very foolish person for asking for this.Peter obi will never become the president of NigeriaWhat he is actually saying is that those involved in or caught dealing in illegal or fake drugs should be decisively dealt with within the confines of the law.
Only the shops belonging to those culprits should be marked for closure, rather than closing the entire market and punishing innocent people who are conducting legitimate business.Most especially in this economy, it will negatively impact the livelihoods of others doing lawful business in the same market.In summary, close down the shops of those caught in illegal drug activities and deal with them, but do not shut down the entire market.
ItTMs like punishing innocent people for a crime they know nothing aboutTM
TohIs Peter Obi in support of fake drugs?Obi went to the market to sympathize with the traders after some shop was shut down.Like sympathize with People selling fake drugs?
Supporting fake manufacturers n considering money factor instead of human lives at stake
You will still lose as usual.
As an economist, you cannot wake up and close an entire market like that.
It will backfire on everyone.even if what they are producing in that market are killing people then u should keep it openPeople should keep dieing so Igbos can b making their money?Is that not what u are saying?Even if 500 people are dieing from the fake products of that market daily, the government should allow people to keep dieing so Igbos can b making moneyNo wonder that Thai police called u people d scum of the earthImagine mentality
The problem with vultures of babablus is that their brains have been vandalized.
They can never understand simple English.Obi is simply saying that sections of markets not connected to fake drug sales or fake products should not be closed.Here in Aba, the entire Ekumi plaza have been sealed for a week.
There are people who sell other products like weavon, clothes, electronics, phones etc in same plaza.
They have been denied their daily income for a week and still counting.
What he is actually saying is that those involved in or caught dealing in illegal or fake drugs should be decisively dealt with within the confines of the law.
Only the shops belonging to those culprits should be marked for closure, rather than closing the entire market and punishing innocent people who are conducting legitimate business.Most especially in this economy, it will negatively impact the livelihoods of others doing lawful business in the same market.In summary, close down the shops of those caught in illegal drug activities and deal with them, but do not shut down the entire market.
ItTMs like punishing innocent people for a crime they know nothing aboutTMuse your headIt's a pure case of collateral damage, many know about those fake drugs factories but will never report it but once all their shops are lockedNext time when they get another shop n they see people selling anything fake they will go n report ASAP
Only the drug section should be closed off, other parts of the market should opened.
We won't even read your RIP because you're very unimportant.
The fight against Igbo business interests is in full swing, but just as always since 1966, they will end up hurting Nigeria and its stuttering economy.they are trying to stop igbo spacial after Christmas holidays.
Should we ban the whole region and chase them away from Nigeria?
Will it be fair?
they are trying to stop igbo spacial after Christmas holidays.They have always failed at that.
I remember when they were burning all markets in the 80s.
They still failed.
Your wish on yourself will come true.
The problem with vultures of babablus is that their brains have been vandalized.Obi is simply saying that sections of markets not connected to fake drug sales or fake products should not be closed.Here in Aba, the entire Ekumi plaza have been sealed for a week.
There are people who sell other products like weavon, clothes, electronics, phones etc in same plaza.
They have been denied their daily income for a week and still counting.It's a fight against a people.
That's how Nigeria is set to be, and that's why Nigeria has remained poor.
They have always failed at that.
I remember when they were burning all markets in the 80s.
They still failed.and they will still fail
Comment of a Nuisance.
and they will still failThe way drugs will take cost in the next few months, people go suffer o
was heightened tension at the Lagos State House of Assembly on Monday as security operatives from the Department of State Security (DSS) and the Nigeria Police stormed the complex, sealing the offices of Speaker Mojisola Meranda, her deputy, and the Clerk of the House,News360 Nigeriareports.By 10 a.m., heavily armed security personnel had taken control of the Alausa, Ikeja premises, conducting thorough checks on anyone attempting to gain entry.
The dramatic scene intensified when Speaker Meranda arrived at about 15 a.m., visibly emotional and shedding tears as she witnessed the heavy security presence.The crisis follows the controversial removal of former Speaker Mudashiru Obasa by 32 out of 40 lawmakers while he was in the United States.
Describing his removal as a coup, President Bola Tinubu and members of the Governance Advisory Council (GAC) have remained divided over the decision.Obasa has since taken legal action, filing a suit at the Ikeja High Court challenging the legitimacy of his removal.
His lawyers, led by Chief Afolabi Fashanu (SAN), have sought an expedited hearing of the case, naming the Lagos State House of Assembly and Speaker Meranda as defendants.
Mrs.
Akerele Bucknor also shed tears like this, but haters laughed at her.
Tinubu dealing rightly with his Yoruba people and worshippers..Tinubu must go !!
Could this be the Lagos we know ?Get a SUPPER Professional Logo or Company Letterhead for your Business, for 2k OnlyPAY AFTER Get Our WhatsApp Number on the link Below.
Women and Fake tearsOnce they start crying and seeking emotional sympathy.
Then I ask again, where is the democracy?
2027 is around the corner
This is unacceptable
Hmm
This is very bad
Crocodile tears.She knows quite well that politics is not a game of emotion and sentiments, especially with the way her predecessor was impeached.No need seeking sympathy in the court of public opinion because the game is the game.
Politics is not a game for the 'weak' as she's portraying.
The message is clear.Obasa has been properly dealt with but as a strong man, he just wan flex muscle
Why the confusion?
I think that is what matters to their followers there
Interesting
It's going to be a difficult one for the APC paid social media agents.Few weeks ago, they were praising this woman and bashing Obasa.
Called him all manner of names, from fake lawyer, political jobber, tout etc.Forgetting all he had done for the party, because their paymasters suddenly supported Meranda.Will they now turn around and cuss her out?
The same woman they praised shortly ago?Or will they somehow drag Obidients into something that doesn't even concern them?Let's see how it plays out?
She has bitten more than she can chew ...
Women are too emotional.
All will be well madam speaker.
Time up.
I hope she enjoyed her stay while it lasted
What are they even saying?
Tinubu dealing rightly with his Yoruba people and worshippers..Tinubu must go !!
Anyone with an abridged version of the whole drama?
Madam, save your tears, you're going.
Politics is not for the faint hearted
Is she new to Nigerian politics?
-six members of the Lagos State House of Assembly has passed a vote of confidence in Speaker, Mojisola Lasbat Meranda.The House also adjourned plenary indefinitely.
The Lagos state house of assembly members must stand thier ground
no more funny..32 impeached ..
36 pass votes of confidenceHahahahahahahaTinubu is fighting Arewa ..
and political parties for his ambition..
Nigerians are tired of himEven his worshippers
I support her as well, Obasa should just accept his fate and move on
The Lagos state house of assembly members must stand thier groundWhat ground?.
They goofed.
The godfather and godmother failed
I support her as well, Obasa should just accept his fate and move onSeems like tin boss hasn't accepted his fate.Operatives from the Department of State Security (DSS) and the Nigeria Police invaded the state assembly on Monday, sealing off the offices of Speaker Mojisola Meranda, her deputy, and the House clerk.The invasion of the state assembly complex is seen by party leaders as TinubuTMs attempt to return Obasa to his post and re-establish his political control of Lagos State.
Issoright.Meanwhile at a cheap price dm me for your logo and flyer design
A crack in the dynasty?
*Business space for Lease at Ikoyi*205 sqm office space on ground floor, just 2 tenants in d compound along ONIKOYI , by Banana Island road, Ikoyi Lagos.*N250k/ sqm asking.**Service charge N1.5m per annum.Bring ur generator & pay ur Phcn bill.zero nine zero one four four five nine eight zero six
Correct!Obasa must not be allowed to return; otherwise, he will perceive himself as a demigod.
A thoughtless and uncouth individual who disregards protocols while being deeply involved in financial mismanagement.
Thestructuresare rebelling
If Tinubu was really interested in Obasa coming back, none of these clowns here would have stopped that process.
no more funny..32 impeached ..
36 pass votes of confidenceHahahahahahahaTinubu is fighting Arewa ..
and political parties for his ambition..
Nigerians are tired of himEven his worshippersWho be this clown?
His home burns??
Indefinite adjournment is wise before agbero go break their head with bottles.
I'm beginning to like this woman.
Seems she is no push over!We are with you Mr speaker.
Haters should go and die.POWER TO THE PEOPLE!
Zombies are confusedJust last week they were telling us how Obasa was the worst thing in the world after ammonia gasToday they are watching their Lord and saviour attempt to force same Obasa down the throat of legislatorsHow do they eat their words now and not look stupid?The one above me cannot even write pimNa only emoji him take hide his confusion
no more funny..32 impeached ..
36 pass votes of confidenceHahahahahahahaTinubu is fighting Arewa ..
and political parties for his ambition..
Nigerians are tired of himEven his worshippersHis useless slaves will tell you he is sleeping on top of bicycle and it's called STYLE.
His useless slaves will tell you he is sleeping on top of bicycle and it's called STYLE.
His useless slaves will tell you he is riding sleeping on top of bicycle and it's called STYLE.
HahahahahahahaYoruba baa?They love his whipHonestlyTinubu must go!!
For Yoruba people to be freePower to the people !!
I see some Lawmakers loosing their return ticket for disloyalty.
Melinda or Coca-Cola won't help them
Dramatis jabantis
There would not be room for whether it should be in Port Harcourt or Abuja.The first group will be convicted prisonersthose who committed crimes and are in US prisons.
Some of them are those who have clearly violated US immigration laws.They appealed but were denied yet they are still in the US.
They have committed immigration crimes, people who have been ordered to leave, Mills stated.Bianca expressed concerns over the emotional and financial impact of deportations on Nigerians in the US and their families, emphasising the need for humane and compliant processes.With the new administration in the US, we want a situation where there will be commitments.
This has been of great concern to not just Nigerian nationals in the US but family members in Nigeria who depend on them for survival, children whose school fees are paid for by these diasporans.We are asking as a country whether they will be given ample time to handle their assets or will they just be bundled into planes and repatriated?
It will really be traumatic, especially for those who had not committed any violent crime, she asked.TrumpTMs Immigration CrackdownThe deportation process comes as part of a broader immigration crackdown by the Donald Trump Administration.
On his first day in office as the 47th President of the United States, Donald Trump signed several executive orders aimed at tightening immigration policies.These include ending birthright citizenship for children of undocumented immigrants and declaring a national emergency at the US-Mexico border.He also announced the deployment of more troops to the southern border and reiterated his pledge to deport millions of undocumented immigrants.These policy shifts, according to multiple media reports, have heightened concerns among immigrant communities.
U.S has stopped providing us with USAID.
They are welcome home, let's join hands together and build our countrySome of them are staunch trump supporters who thought the deportation would only affect the Muslims, now they are faced with ugly reality
Welcome back to Nigeria.Tinubulation Promax is still onVillage People are happy
Sad.But this pain is avoidable.Absolutely nothing wrong with emigration...just do it the right way.
especially those that have lived in the US for years.May God strengthen them and their loved ones, and show them mercy.
They probably campaigned for President Trump.
Is Hushppuppy among the first batch?
So sad.
Where would they start from now?
Some left their high paying job too
They probably campaigned for President Trump.
He didn't hide this plan from the public.So, I doubt they voted for him.
A win for both America and Nigeria
Good development; they have nothing to worry about, Tinubu have turned Nigeria to paradise, they will even regret not returning back since last year
Trump the cleaning agent.Indeed
And it begins.Good move Trump!We need more of your supporters back in naijaHow dare you sing the national anthem and then jappa
Sad.But this pain is avoidable.Absolutely nothing wrong with emigration...just do it the right way.
especially those that have lived in the US for years.May God strengthen them and their loved ones, and show them mercy.Why all the prayer bcoz illegal immigrants are being deported?What kind of fuckery is this?
Members of the Lagos State House of Assembly have condemned the invasion of the Assembly complex by operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS) and the Nigeria Police on Monday, describing it as a rape of democracy, an aberration, and a national embarrassment.During a plenary session attended by 36 members, the lawmakers demanded an explanation from the Lagos State Director of DSS regarding the reasons behind the invasion.They also called on the National Security Adviser, Nuhu Ribadu, to investigate the incident and provide the public with a comprehensive briefing on the findings.
Additionally, the Assembly urged President Bola Tinubu to intervene immediately and prevent the situation from escalating further.Expressing their outrage, the lawmakers unanimously condemned the invasion, describing it as an abuse of legislative procedure and a threat to democratic governance.Speaking during the session, Hon.
Abiodun Tobun This is not a government ruled by the barrel of a gun.
This is an aberration of democracy and a step toward anarchy.
What happened today is a total embarrassment and an act of harassment.He further affirmed the lawmakersTM loyalty to the Speaker, Nobody can dictate to us.
God chooses and removes leaders.
We are solidly behind your leadership, Mr.
Speakernobody can remove you.The lawmakers suggested that powerful and influential individuals or groups might be behind the incident, calling for a thorough investigation to uncover those responsible.The House remained united in its stance, insisting on protecting the independence of the legislature and ensuring that such actions do not undermine democratic processes in the state.
please I beg you in the name of almighty GOD pls someone should please help me, my little sister and I we are starving.
Please help us the last time we ate a good food was from our neighbor on Saturday.
Since then we have surviving on drinking garri and now the little garri that we use to have hope has finished.
the little money I have I used it to pay for house rent so that we can at least have roof over our head this new year.
No matter how little it will go a long way to help us.
May GOD in heaven come to your aid as you have come to ours.
amenOPAY70 42 32 80 59M.A
Interesting
Lol!ITMm sure Tinubu last imagined that it is now he is President that his Lagos Dynasty will fall apart but itTMs happening.Seems the lady they installed has got some balls and refusing to bow to pressure.Meanwhile, Obasa seems to be more influential than all of us gave him credit for.Whatever the outcome becomes, this will definitely leave a huge crack in the Tinubu Lagos Dynasty.My own is that Seyi Tinubu and his Igbo wife must rule Lagos from 2027.
Lol!ITMm sure Tinubu last imagined that it is now he is President that his Lagos Dynasty will fall apart but itTMs happening.Seems the lady they installed has got some balls and refusing to bow to pressure.Meanwhile, Obasa seems to be more influential than all of us gave him credit for.Whatever the outcome becomes, this will definitely leave a huge crack in the Tinubu Lagos Dynasty.My own is that Seyi Tinubu and his Igbo wife must rule Lagos from 2027.
Was it in the chamber they saying all these or under a tree?.
Now, you will listen to the President and do what he asked you to do.
Game of thrones
My 12yrs old nairaland account was deactivated by some hungry mods hereI saw the golden era of nairaland being a guest from 2010 before finally registering in 2014 but with what's happening in nairaland today it shows nairaland has gone to the dogs with biased moderators someone abused me and nothing was done but when I abused him Back with the exact words he used I was banned and my account deleted from nairalandGoodbye nairaland
Look everywhere Tinubu has been and gone and youTMll see his prints of constitutional offensive myriads of aberration of democracy.
This is just a plot for trenders to see news write about Lagos!Status quo will be restored soon and it'll be as if nothing happened!See Aluta Continua people!Obidients....
Ehen?.State of emergency comes to mind!RIP saint Obi
Forget, they're all Tinubu loyalists.
Jagaban is just looking away for now.This nonsense can't happen without Mr President's signature.
Nobody can dictate to us.
God chooses and removes leaders.
We are solidly behind your leadership,Lol ...
I could have mind my business but when I heard over 32 out of 40 assembly members (80%) didn't want the ex-speaker anymore and now he is being forced down their throat, I really pity them.
Let's not forget the ex-speaker might carry out vengeance later.
Obasa is so desperate.
A typical Oduduwa Republic action.Sophisticated moronic- people..
from Osun to ogun..
For Yoruba people to free!Power to the people !!!
This nonsense can't happen without Mr President's signature.The ronus are confused.
Forget, they're all Tinubu loyalists.
Jagaban is just looking away for now.StoriesHahahahahahaI laugh In El Rufai
we now saying the Dss is an individuals personal army?
Are You Looking for Highly Profitable Business Ideas with Little or No Capital?Worry no more!
Access in-depth guides that will transform these ideas into lucrative ventures....
Step-by-Step Guidance  Get detailed instructions on how to start, grow, and profit!
Get Your Copy Now!
Call or WhatsApp Us Now Check my profile or click on my profile link here    contact details!DonTMt miss this opportunity to start a business with little or no capital and achieve financial independence!
Obasa Vs Meranda
A team of police officers attached to the Area F of the Lagos State Police Command have been detained for allegedly extorting a Chinese expatriate along the Sheraton-Opebi link Road area of the state.PUNCH Metro learnt that the incident occurred when the officers numbering three were conducting a stop and search at the location on Wednesday.The police officers were said to have flagged down the foreigner and requested his documents, including a green card.Although the expatriate presented the documents through his phone gallery, the officers insisted on seeing the original copies.A rights activist, Lameed Adekunle, who was privy to the development told our correspondent on Sunday that after a series of discussions and pleas from the expatriate, the officers forced him to pay N100,000 into a Point Of Sale account.He said,The expatriate was on his way for an urgent meeting when the police officers stopped him and demanded his documents including his green card which was shown to the officers through a phone gallery but the officers insisted on seeing the original.
We took it up, informed the police authorities and the officers were identified.
This also led to their arrest and detention.He further stated that the policemen were summoned to the provostTMs office in the Ikeja area of the state, adding that they had since been detained.Ojo added the police officers were instructed to refund the money to the foreigner.The money is expected to be refunded tomorrow,  Monday.
A text message sent to him had yet to be replied to as this report was filed.PUNCH Metro reported in October 2024 that officers from Area C Police Command in Surulere allegedly extorted the sum of N1m from three members of the National Youth Service Corps members.It was gathered that the corps members were stopped along the Surulere expressway before a group of officers surrounded their vehicle and started searching.An argument ensued between the corps members and the officers before the vehicle was driven to the Area C Police Station where the extortion was said to have taken place.
Good
This IGP is better than Mike Okiro and Tafa Balogun combinedThe NPF now look like a real Police Force for the first time in 25 yearsNo wonder their global rating went up in the last rating...Superb metric were usedGod bless my country
Good
This IGP is better than Mike Okiro and Tafa Balogun combinedThe NPF now look like a real Police Force for the first time in 25 yearsNo wonder their global rating went up in the last rating...Superb metric were usedGod bless my country
What do u expect when Police officers are underpaid like a nursery school teacher.No proper orientation....No single Human relation management training of any sort.....These police officers have kids and many mouth to feed.....I feel pity for them.
They deserve a good payment.Let's say cut the salaries of Politicians by 60% and fund security officers and watch Nigeria ridden off this kind of news
What a Joke, a country where fraud and  extortion has became a norm, ranging from the top hierarchy down to the common citizens.until death sentence is implemented for fraud and extortion, these morons wouldn't stop.
This IGP is better than Mike Okiro and Tafa Balogun combinedThe NPF now look like a real Police Force for the first time in 25 yearsNo wonder their global rating went up in the last rating...Superb metric were usedGod bless my countryReal Police Force....when delusion shows off!
Sack them immediately and Jail them!
This is RAGOS the mega-shitty
This IGP is better than Mike Okiro and Tafa Balogun combinedThe NPF now look like a real Police Force for the first time in 25 yearsNo wonder their global rating went up in the last rating...Superb metric were usedGod bless my countryNPF is now better than LAPD.Delusion 101.When will he arrest those police men extorting money from motorists in Anambra and entire southeast?
Lol.....30k working....This IGP is better than Mike Okiro and Tafa Balogun combinedThe NPF now look like a real Police Force for the first time in 25 yearsNo wonder their global rating went up in the last rating...Superb metric were usedGod bless my country
Good.
More need to be dismissed in similar fashion.
It is clear the purpose of the Nigerian police on the road isn't to stop crime but to extort people for their gain.
Nawa o
Are You Looking for Highly Profitable Business Ideas with Little or No Capital?Worry no more!
Access in-depth guides that will transform these ideas into lucrative ventures....
Step-by-Step Guidance  Get detailed instructions on how to start, grow, and profit!
Get Your Copy Now!
Call or WhatsApp Us Now Check my profile or click on my profile link here    contact details!DonTMt miss this opportunity to start a business with little or no capital and achieve financial independence!
EKELEBE
The money is expected to be refunded tomorrow, Monday.
But they collect money everyday from Nigerians and nothing is done about it
What do u expect when Police officers are underpaid like a nursery school teacher.No proper orientation....No single Human relation management training of any sort.....These police officers have kids and many mouths to feed.....Even if they are underpaid, what happened to the side hustle or did they exit the system?
Nobody forced them.I feel pity for them.
They deserve a good payment.Let's say cut the salaries of Politicians by 60% and fund security officers and watch Nigeria ridden off this kind of news
What do u expect when Police officers are underpaid like a nursery school teacher.No proper orientation....No single Human relation management training of any sort.....These police officers have kids and many mouths to feed.....I feel pity for them.
Nobody forced them.
What do u expect when Police officers are underpaid like a nursery school teacher.No proper orientation....No single Human relation management training of any sort.....These police officers have kids and many mouths to feed.....I feel pity for them.
Nobody forced them.
What do u expect when Police officers are underpaid like a nursery school teacher.No proper orientation....No single Human relation management training of any sort.....These police officers have kids and many mouth to feed.....I feel pity for them.
Because of one small Roger you have lost your source of monthly income and your retirement benefits and your ability to collect future RogerTMs.Penny wise pound foolish, you left cow in the house with the doors unlocked and went to pursue one small tiny baby bush meat in the bush now the cow in the house has escaped and you didnTMt catch the small baby bush meat
A European family is expressing deep concern as their 65-year-old relative plans to divorce his wife and move to Lagos, Nigeria, to marry a young woman he met on TikTok.A Reddit user, who claims to be the man's nephew, disclosed this on Saturday, February 15, 2025.He said his relative has been in communication with the woman for over a year and already sent substantial amounts of money to her for various reasons.It started a year ago.
My uncle (65+, married)met a young girl (20-25) on TikTok, started chatting and fell in love Since then, he sent a lot of money to her for numerous reasons,"the Reddit user said."Despite the family's efforts to intervene, the uncle remains resolute in his decision, dismissing concerns about potential scams.He doesn't listen to anyone, doesn't believe that it is a scam.
My family is afraid that he will be robbed, tortured, or murdered there.The situation has sparked a debate on Reddit, with users sharing their perspectives.
He doesn't listen to anyone, doesn't believe that it is a scam.
My family is afraid that he will be robbed, tortured, or murdered there.They're trying to paint our glorious country black just to convince the man not to come to marry the love of his life.
From what I have learnt in life, The most vulnerable man is the man seeking love.Hopefully he finds it with the young lady constantly demanding money
This is serious, the man should be very careful, how can a 65yrs old be this stupid, anyway,it's their way, a white man/woman can just wakeup and choose to devioce, because it's no big deal in where they're coming from, but be dat as it may be, the man should do a proper research before saying I do.
Nothing wrong with a 65yo man marrying a 20yo girl.
My only concern is that this might just be a scam
Pure scam
Unfortunately!
From what I have learnt in life, The most vulnerable man is the man seeking love.Hopefully he finds it with the young lady constantly demanding moneyMoney might not be the motive.When you are in love you will do the same.
Gbese
No comment
Hope is not coming to marry a Yahoo boy.
Coming for 23 year old dude doesn't sound normal.
One boy somewhere in Naija is playing with uncle's emotion
Let him cook
OP is a redditor?
They are often fagg0ts or cuck0lds
My family is afraid that he will be robbed, tortured, or murdered there.They're trying to paint our glorious country black just to convince the man not to come to marry the love of his life.
Small children like you would rather listen to outsiders to define your own country.Who is fantastically corrupt than the royal family of the UK?
Made a mistake, should have left her as side chick, now he will die quickly when she enters his house
Have you ever rejected a job offer?
If yes, why?
The HRs wigs was not giving, I just knew they couldn't pay.
Yes during the days of Oceanic Bank.
I was employed as IT officer in 2005.
I rejected the offer basically because i was posted to core North, an being a newly married person.
My marriage was just a year plus then.
And I know the accepting the offer will put a strain on my marriage.
I would get entangled that is certain, so that fear of going polygamous that early made me to reject the offer.
Yes during the days of Oceanic Bank.
I was employed as IT officer in 2005.
I rejected the offer basically because i was posted to core North, an being a newly married person.
My marriage was just a year plus then.
And I know the accepting the offer will put a strain on my marriage.
I would get entangled that is certain, so that fear of going polygamous that early made me to reject the offer.
2009 Anyway, you Monika got me "Housing" Onile..Thats the name of my coach back then  ...
Heard he was a rock at CB in his time.
We also call him Capello..
He is a madridista.
Yes during the days of Oceanic Bank.
I was employed as IT officer in 2005.
I rejected the offer basically because i was posted to core North, an being a newly married person.
My marriage was just a year plus then.
And I know the accepting the offer will put a strain on my marriage.
I would get entangled that is certain, so that fear of going polygamous that early made me to reject the offer.
Yes, I rejected a customer service position from Kuda in 2023.A got a foreign remote position that offered to pay 10X what Kuda offered and I did what any reasonable person would do.
Yes 30k stipend, agbado and corn to sing praises of a failed government.
I wonTMt call mine reject.
I got the letter to come for an interview.
The day before the scheduled appointment, I went to view the venue to know if the company was worth my time.
It was a rundown looking office.
Out of curiosity, I asked the staff I saw there what job they were into.
When I heard the dreaded GNLD, I went back home to sleep long into the next dayTMs afternoon.
I rejected one that asked me to pray in the morning.
That morning prayer is a trap.
A psychological trap by human beings in the name of faith.Everyone should pray in their homes and come to work to work, not for worship.
It happens in some government offices where people bring their personal affair with God to the office.
Your power to reject is based on your convictions and how experienced you are.
At a younger age, you may not see clearly but life will teach you some lessons and later in life you will start to reject what poisons your soul even if it pays you billions.
Be grateful for mentors or parents who can protect you and tell you to flee from some traps.
Life repeats itself.When I think about life, what I see is that school never stopped.
Adults just changed the venue of classrooms.
People want to control you in different ways because they hold the keys to power and that is where the money is.
It's rare to see a class captain who respects you as a person not because he has the power to write your name on the list of noisemakers.
The plantation never closed downAuthority is not power.
Take note of that.
Because the pay was small
I once rejected May & Baker offer in 2014.
Because I had never been to the east, I instead went and resumed at the construction coy here in Lagos and didn't take up the employment letter at M&B.
I was ill-advised.
As in going back to Egypt.
After deducting transport from my salary, I started laughing and turned down the offer
Low pay
It was mutal benefit assurance.
I ws desperate for a job then.
I never reported back.
Yes, Assistant accountant in a church.
@opIf the job contract is not a longer frame compared to the one I'm currently on..
I'll pass
Yes.I didn't want  to work in a UK prison setting, providing mental healthcare to offenders.
One tech firm at ikeja hired me and told me I'll be using my personal laptop to work.
The address at ikeja is the house of the owner of the company.
They said pay is 70k.
Fully remote.
Yeah....Bill Gates ex Wife wanted me on 5 million US Dollars monthly.
Plus servicing & alignmentBill is my homie so I refused based on principlesBros over Hoes.
Okay nah
I didn't go along with it because I didn't think Nigeria was ready for a female president, also I didn't think that party had any chance of winning
Speaker of the Lagos State House of Assembly, Mojisola Meranda, may resign today, according to sources.This is just as officials of the Directorate of State Service (DSS) allegedly stormed her office sealing it in the process.Sources said armed security personnel have taken over the premises of the House at Alausa, Ikeja, and environs.This comes few weeks after the former Speaker, Mudashiru Obasa, was impeached but his impeachment has created crisis in the house, with Obasa rejecting it.There are indications that Obasa might return as the Speaker following the intervention of President Bola Tinubu.
A laughing stock...
A laughing stock...
A laughing stock...
How is it your Problem
When the speaker was removed, I know many of you haters said that he was removed because he was a threat to Tinubu's son, so you guys should not come and change mouth now and start saying something else.If you called people slaves because you imagined that he was removed because Lagos landlord as you guys like to call him wanted him removed, please no changing of mouth now that it seems you guys were lying on him all these while.
When the speaker was removed, I know many of you haters said that he was removed because he was a threat to Tinubu's son, so you guys should not come and change mouth now and start saying something else.If you called people slaves because you imagined that he was removed because Lagos landlord as you guys like to call him wanted him removed, please no changing of mouth now that it seems you guys were lying on him all these while.Are you minding those hopeless apes
Lagos is a model state, you can't just wake up and impeach the Speaker or a Governor like they do in other state without following due process.
Even when Tinubu intervened in Rivers State crisis, he asked Wike faction to stop the impeachment process against Fubara.
They're all crim*nals, what's my business in her resignation.
When will Tinubu and his gang resign?
Our Lagos is not your Lagos.
totally wrong
Lagos is a model state, you can't just wake up and impeach the Speaker or a Governor like they do in other state without following due process.
Even after impeaching him, they refused to listen to the President to  give him a soft  landing.Cult like politics.
Tinubu that is not even from Lagos, dictating to Lagosians, who have sold off the future of their children with entitlements tendencies.
Lagos is a model state, you can't just wake up and impeach the Speaker or a Governor like they do in other state without following due process.
Even when Tinubu intervened in Rivers State crisis, he asked Wike faction to stop the impeachment process against Fubara.I dont get thisPolitical office holders resign everywhere in the world.
From governor to councillor, everyone is under the supreme command of Bourdillon.
Okay
She should expect this.
Nigeria moronic politics is not for the weak ..
Lagos is a model state, you can't just wake up and impeach the Speaker or a Governor like they do in other state without following due process.
Even though Obasa  treating the sitting gov like his servant and other members of house assembly like his slaves?Whenever you find urself supporting certain course, even if it's detrimental to the society, just know, you are nothing but slave.I'm very sure if Tinubu asks you to open your mouth to shit inside, quickly you would obey, at least, to taunt Igbo/Obedients in the house.
Relaxing and watching what happens next..
It is only in naija that people can't take responsibility for their actions.
Who else have noticed that suddenly after the election, tinubu hands n legs stopped shaking?Same way Buhari was no longer cloned n Buhari was no longer replaced by jubrilI only pity those who fell for Igbo propagandaLet's see the propaganda they will come up with in the next election
Okay
WHY
It is only in naija that people can't take responsibility for their actions.
How many people have resigned because of this allegation in the U.S.A by a whole Congressman Scotty Perry.
lol
Resignation from which quarters?
Hehe
Merchant of death.
What's going on?
Who and who resigned?
FG
Anyone who wants to resign should resign so others can loot.
You can't threaten a man who has your noods
The Lagos state speaker will soon resign her position.
Power tussle continue in Lagos state house of assembly.
I hope Obasa is reinstate as the speaker.
No context?
Seun OkinMeaning what?
I won't be surprised if they assign two hours for today's edition.This is the type of program that should get you glued to your TV screen.
Arise TV unfortunately has none.
The Abuja crew of Arise TV are some of the most boring hosts you can find anywhere around the world, with only Ngozi Aleagbu as a sole exception.The only show one can manage to watch on the Arise TV is "The Morning Show" and Rufai Oseni is doing a good job in bastardising the programme.
Please resign there are thousands of youths looking for a job
Resignation of whom by who?
Larry King is nothing without the CNN Brand.
Talent and brand symbiosis issue.
Talent must understand that the brand gives it exposure.
the president will have his way
Tension has enveloped Osun State over attempts by some hoodlums to take over local government secretariats in the state,News360 Nigeriareports.Residents, especially those who live around the council secretariats, have been thrown into panic as sporadic gunshots rent the air.It was gathered that as of 00 a.m.
on Monday,some armed hoodlums invaded many council area offices, including Osogbo and Olorunda, and started shooting.Many pupils and students who were on their way to school ran back home as drivers deserted the affected areas.Checks at Olorunda and Osogbo councils showed that the presence of security operatives prevented the hoodlums from accessing the government offices.It was gathered thatsome sacked chairmen of the APC stormed the Olorunda secretariat with the aim of taking control; however, some loyalists of the PDP and security agents were able to chase them away.Our correspondent gathered that the same incident happened at government offices in Iragbiji, Odo-Otin, Ife Central LGAs, among others in the state.Some videos obtained by The Guardian also revealed that suspected thugs loyal to the All Progressives Congress and the Peoples Democratic Party in Ifelodun Local Government Area in Ikirun clashed at the council secretariat in the presence of security agents who were deployed to maintain law and order.Recall that Governor Ademola Adeleke had on Sunday raised the alarm over an alleged attempt by his predecessor, Gboyega Oyetola, to forcefully return the sacked council chairmen to office.Oyetola, while reacting, had asked the governor to obey an order of the Court of Appeal in Akure that reportedly reinstated the chairmen, who are members of the opposition All Progressives Congress in the state.Picture of Osogbo LGA secretariat overtaken by security operatives.
Who else notice that since tinubu became president, suddenly his hands n legs no shake again.I pity those who fell for Igbo propaganda, suddenly Buhari is no longer cloned again n hes no longer replaced by jubril from Sudan again
I pity for the supporters who will be sent to go and die in the name of protestGet a SUPPER Professional Company Logo or Company Letterhead for your Business, for 2k OnlyPAY AFTER Please Drop Us your Your Company Name for your We also Make1 Business Card1 Invoice Designs1 Company ID Card1Envelope Design1 Company Profile1FULL COMPANY BRANDING1 Advertisement Designs1Book Cover1 Music Cover1Invitation Cards1Sticker1Product Label Design1 GENERAL Graphic DesignerGet Our WhatsApp Number on the link Below.
Naija elections and violence...
PDP and thuggery!!!
Are we not looking at a one party nation?
What a balablu
This is what usually spoil politics.
What a balabluhmm
The likes of Bode George have done everything to pull him down but him jazz too strong.People are just jealous of him.Those that can't have his sort of influence are just jittery.I must vote that man in 2027 if I'm alive.I have come to like his style.
Great role model for people that want to be in the Nigerian political space.
Hmm
Who else notice that since tinubu became president, suddenly his hands n legs no shake again.I pity those who fell for Igbo propaganda, suddenly Buhari is no longer cloned again n hes no longer replaced by jubril from Sudan againThis one?They can't use it in 2027.
I envisaged this development and I wonder why this is necessary.Honestly, these Nigerian politicians would not stop amazing us.
It is our useless lawyers and courts that cause all this rubbish....can't they speak with one clear voice that will allow it to be obvious who is right and who is wrong??Has the Supreme court not made it clear that LG are actually a very important part of this so-called democracy and they should be treated like independent institutions themselves
Who else notice that since tinubu became president, suddenly his hands n legs no shake again.I pity those who fell for Igbo propaganda, suddenly Buhari is no longer cloned again n hes no longer replaced by jubril from Sudan againBTW,ONE THING IS SURE,APC IS A CURSE TO NIGERIA AND NIGERIANS.
Let the game begin
Hmmm
Nigerians Should rise up against this evil party.You are very correct
Who else notice that since tinubu became president, suddenly his hands n legs no shake again.I pity those who fell for Igbo propaganda, suddenly Buhari is no longer cloned again n hes no longer replaced by jubril from Sudan againoga how much be dollar and fuel?
Predictable
so obi wanted to suffer Nigerians the way tinubu is doinghow did anambara people enjoy when d fraud was governor even when he increased their povertyU Igbos can only lie to yourselves n not us
Men of the Department of State Security, DSS, and Nigeria Police, in tye early hours on Monday, stormed the premises the Lagos State House of Assembly, sealing up the offices of the Speaker, Mojisola Meranda, her deputy and clerk of the house.As of 10 am, armed security personnel have taken over the premises at Alausa, Ikeja, and environs frisking every passersby.Meranda, however, arrived with her convoy at about 11.15am.Recall that the embattled, former Speaker of the House, Mudashiru Obasa, has sued the state lawmakers challenging his removal as the Speaker of the Assembly.Obasa, it was gathered, has filed a motion at the Ikeja Division of the State High Court, where he is also seeking an accelerated hearing of his suit.Obasa was removed in absentia by 32 out of the 40 members of the state Assembly on January 13, 2025.
Order from Aso Villa
Order from above.This means one thing - Obasa is still in TUluMbU's good books.
Seunmsg hope you see what I said about a month ago.
Nlfpmod let's buy popcorn.
Tinubu  should learn to let go, APC will loose Lagos if this is not resolved amicably.
Try to think independently.
There's more to everything happening around you than Tinubu
Obasa is a goner crew would be confused now.
What goes around comes around
Seem Obasa wields immense power than the Lagos state government
goldie of kennis music died february 14th 2013, i saw no post here on little remembrance about her on valentines day,she was a legend in the little time she spent in the music industrymodified< to those saying shit about her, goldie was number 1 female artiste during her period, sasha p, kel,kemistry,bouqui av all dimmed as at then..she was number 1 as at that period
The Last Kick of A Dying Horse.There is no way ObasaTMs removal as the Lagos State House of Assembly Speaker can be reversed.Let the tout & fake lawyer go and rest.
He has stolen, misappropriated & embezzled enough tax payers money.
WowWonderful movie
Abuja Power.
He's a tool for controlling the Governor.Tinubu believes that with Obasa gone, he has lost the control of the House and having lost control of the House, he's also lost control of the Governor.
So who will the apc minions support?
Order from above...
apc one man party in disarray.
Nobody can seal the Lagos state house of assembly complex without the instruction of President Tinubu or his wife or both of them.
What does this teach us .
The President can't be seen to be interfering in State matters ...I know the balance of mainland and island have been shifted.
Not withstanding let the members decide.
There must be a balance between the Islanders and Mainlanders ...
All this one DSS is doing  is in bad taste for the President's image.
Tinubu is surely behind this.That man is more interested in his interests in Lagos state than seeing to the good of the country.I can no longer support a petty low lifer of a president.High time lagosians acted like men and call this despotof a tyrant's bluff.This is disgusting
The new speaker will resign before the end of today.
It's a done deal.
Obasa is coming back.
Lagos is Tulumbu's property.
Nothing anyone can do
Jagabandit
Nollywood actress Regina Daniels and her billionaire husband, Ned Nwoko seem to be going through marital troubles as speculations of a new wife arise.Regina, who recently returned from London after attending the premiere of Ayo MakunTMs movie The Waiter, has unexpectedly deactivated her Instagram page.A swift confirmation by Gistreel revealed that her account was no longer accessible but may be restored sooner or later.Adding to the speculation, the actress did not publicly celebrate her husbandTMs recent political move to the All Progressives Congress (APC).
Observers also noted that she had stopped posting about him and had not been engaging with his social media updates.Amid the ongoing rumors, reports claim that actress Chika Ike, who recently announced her pregnancy with maternity photos, has welcomed a child allegedly fathered by Nwoko.
According to online sources, Chika is now set to replace Regina and move into the billionaireTMs mansion.Controversial blogger Gistlover fueled the speculation with a cryptic post, Hello Tueh Tueh, GLB Nation!
Hmm, she didn't see this comingI feel her pain, no woman wants to share her man with another woman
What was she expecting
Hmm
Women helping women.....
What was she expecting when she didn't meet him as a single man.
As for Chika Ike, well..
Didn't she know the man is polygamous by nature before
It's now the time for the new.It was inevitable.
While Regina Daniels and Ned Nwoko have yet to address the rumors, the sudden social media disappearance of the actress has only intensified public curiosity about the state of their marriageOne, Regina came to join other women in the house of Ned, so it's no brainer that another will join after her.Two, she should calm down.
There's enough money to go round.
And she will also get "attention time" when it's her turn.
That is a huge downgrade if true.
Ike is forty years of age while Regina is about twenty-five.
I understand his actions a little.
I might still sample dat girl...For dream...
possibleReality...in your dreams.
See the old fool that wants to split Delta, and become governor of Anioma.
Useless pig.He doesn't care if we will begin to sit at home.He doesn't care about the insecurity that we are experiencing from the igbo criminals running from soludo.He doesn't care about the rampant kidnapping in Ogwashi, Azagba Ogawashi, Isele Ukwu, and some parts of Asaba.He doesn't care about executing his constituency projects.Al he cares about is creating a looting channel by wanting to add We Anioma to the east.Did we beg you?
Did we complain of marginalization?
Is power not being equally shared?
Fool!!!
who is chika Ike
Nothing New...The sin circle continues...Regina is not his wife she is just his sin partner!
And so the iniquity circle continues
they keep distracting you while they keep embezzling and looting the country dry
Thank God it's another famous person that wants to replace you.When you were showing millions of naira and other gifts, the billionaire doling out for you, it doesn't occur to you, several women also love to pampering like that.Meanwhile they quick rush to social media wen hubby showering them gifts, but quickly delete wen thing goes south.
The man wants a end to prostitution.
Now she knows how that Moroccan woman felt when she opened her legs for Sinator
Naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa wao!
No 6 should know that there will be no 7.
Every woman would want Ned as her trophy  in life.
The Defence Headquarters has urged Nigerians to disregard the malicious allegations and support the efforts of the armed forces to enhance national security and promote the welfare of servicemen and women.The Director of Defence Information, Brig.-Gen.
Tukur Gusau, in a statement on Monday, faulted the allegations regarding Nigerian MilitaryTMs request for visas to attend the Invictus Games in Vancouver, Canada.He urged Nigerians to support the officers, men and women who sustained various degree of injuries while protecting the nation.According to him, the need for accurate information at this time can not be overemphasised.Gusau said the Nigerian military received an invitation to participate in the Invictus Games with its team, that comprised of three officers and 21 players, including the teamTMs physiotherapist.He explained that the Invictus Games Foundation catered for the teamTMs accommodation and feeding needs, along with those of other participating nations.He said, However, inspite of our best efforts, only 14 members of the team, excluding the team leader, captain, and physiotherapist, were granted visas.Regrettably, seven of our athletes who had the potential to excel were denied visas, preventing them from participating in the games.Notwithstanding this setback, our teamTMs outstanding performance earned Nigeria gold, silver and bronze medals, proudly placing our nation and Africa on the global map of Invictus Games.Furthermore, the participation of the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen.
Christopher Musa, would have added mental strength to our troops.It is on record that the Chief of Defence Staff has initiated laudable efforts to boost morale of our service personnel who risk their lives to protect our nation and its people.The Invictus Foundation Centre, which is the first in Africa and currently under construction, is part of this initiative to provide care and mental healing for our wounded personnel.NAN
Stay in your house and fight insecurity.
I support Canada on this.
Why are Canadian Generals not begging to come to Nigeria?
You people should stop contradicting yourself.
Just imagine this lame damage control.
Furthermore, the participation of the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen.
Christopher Musa, would have added mental strength to our troops.The Nigerian government should confirm the number of CDS of other participating countries to know if his presence is necessarily required
Furthermore, the participation of the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen.
Christopher Musa, would have added mental strength to our troops.So the defence director of sports cant perform this same function except the CDS goes in person?
Damqge control and lies as usual.What is the COAS going to do at the games?
Is he a participant?
That's why they didn't give a fvck.If not that Nigeria cannot survive without aids from these western countries, the FG would've expelled the Canadian ambassador from Nigeria for this utter disgrace and disrespect.
The Canadian government knows this.
What's there to disregard?As if the Nigerian army and the federal government have any option.
Furthermore, the participation of the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen.
Christopher Musa, would have added mental strength to our troops"...as a sport psychologist that he is?
Are they denying it?
Stay in your house and fight insecurity.
I support Canada on this.
Why are Canadian Generals not begging to come to Nigeria?I believe U can read.Read the post before commenting
What's there to disregard?As if the Nigerian army and the federal government have any option.This kind of unpatriotic comments are very irritating
Some Nigerians for no good reason derive joy in condemning anything that has to do with their country
What is the damage
These people are morons.
Is the CDS a cheer leader?
Doesn't he have better things to do with his time as CDS?Abegi, this damage is not controlling.
Just imagine this lame damage control.Always complaining about everything
Next time deny Canada CDS visa in retaliation.By the way, what business has CDS with Invictus game, when BokoHaram is killing our troops?
Unfortunately We are still under colonial rulesBut this is actually different types of colonialism, it is indirect colonialism.Whereby our leaders are directly colonisedThe colonial masters simply asked them to respond/react by releasing these statements for purposes of damage control when they heard public outcry.
Why are our leaders like this in this country for God sake, when are we going to change, because of Sport game a whole Nigeria General is planning to travel to Canada give the participants a boost to win a Gold medal or.....
meanwhile there is a lot of challenges on ground to settle in your country.
Canada is perfectly right.
Kudos to them.
who's fooling who now?
I know the worst are Nigeria Police Force, National Assembly and EFCC.But these days its like Nigerian Army and DSS are about to join them as the most useless establishments in Nigeria.
Stay in your house and fight insecurity.
I support Canada on this.
Furthermore, the participation of the Chief of Defence Staff, Gen.
Nonsense.
Yetunde, a final-year student, thought she was going on an innocent datebut instead, she walked straight into the hands of a butcher.It all started with a simple Facebook connection.
Yetunde met Abdulrahman Mubarak Balogun online, and they began chatting.
On the surface, he seemed like a perfect gentlemana respected cleric with a clean social media presence, always posting religious messages and photos with high-ranking figures.But behind the polished profile was a predator in disguise.One fateful day, while attending a naming ceremony, Yetunde received a call.
And when they stepped inside his house they walked into a nightmare.The Horror Inside His HomeInside his small apartment, police   Blood splattered everywhere.
A bucket filled with dismembered human remains.
A kitchen table covered in bloodstains.YetundeTMs body had been cut into pieces and soaked in an unknown liquid.If she truly had an asthma attack, why was her body butchered?This wasnTMt a natural death.
Was he selling body parts?
A man they once respected as a cleric was now being paraded as a killer.And the scariest part?
This may not be his first time.A Chilling WarningLadies, not all that glitters on social media is gold.
A handsome face and a religious profile donTMt always mean safety.What do you think happened?Was this a ritual killing, organ trafficking, or something even darker?
Drop your thoughts in the comments!
LetTMs discuss.#TrueCrime #FacebookHorror #RitualKilling #SocialMediaDanger #TrendingNowJustice for Hafsho Lawal Yetunde killed by Alf Abdul Rahaman in Ilorin
Shariah law must be activated for this judgement.
They're both Muslim and justice must be served.Unalive the bastard the same way he gruesomely unalive the beautiful lady.
Yetunde, a final-year student, thought she was going on an innocent datebut instead, she walked straight into the hands of a butcher.It all started with a simple Facebook connection.
Yetunde met Abdulrahman Mubarak Balogun online, and they began chatting.
On the surface, he seemed like a perfect gentlemana respected cleric with a clean social media presence, always posting religious messages and photos with high-ranking figures.But behind the polished profile was a predator in disguise.One fateful day, while attending a naming ceremony, Yetunde received a call.
And when they stepped inside his house they walked into a nightmare.The Horror Inside His HomeInside his small apartment, police   Blood splattered everywhere.
A bucket filled with dismembered human remains.
A kitchen table covered in bloodstains.YetundeTMs body had been cut into pieces and soaked in an unknown liquid.If she truly had an asthma attack, why was her body butchered?This wasnTMt a natural death.
Was he selling body parts?
A man they once respected as a cleric was now being paraded as a killer.And the scariest part?
This may not be his first time.A Chilling WarningLadies, not all that glitters on social media is gold.
A handsome face and a religious profile donTMt always mean safety.What do you think happened?Was this a ritual killing, organ trafficking, or something even darker?
Drop your thoughts in the comments!
Recalcitrant tribalist.
Recalcitrant tribalist.He wonTMt .Yoruba has never condemned this activities..And will neverLet same happen In south eastHahahahajahahahaModifiedThe picture background is a complete and typical  description of all Yoruba land ..
from Ogun state, Oyo down to the 5 states of Yoruba land ..and yet they keep shouting sophistication ..
while dealing with chronic hunger and acute povertyImagine the environment and tell me how and why people wonTMt fight to escape from it ..
even if it mean doing times 10 of what the young man did ..If I come on line ..
for the sake of GodTMs love
What a waste to the brotherhood
Yoruba people are on a mission to self extermination.
If this one wasn't caught in the act next thing they would have blamed it on Fulani or Igbo people.You won't see NL y.ariba bigots on this thread, they will avoid it like a plague.
This is Kwara State, probably Ilorin where Islam is striving under the leadership of a fulani king of Ilorin.
They need Sharia to act under this evil act but it is just a pity that even mufti of Ilorin and all alfas and imams of Ilorin all keep mute on this matterAbuTwindoffmanExpanse2020See awon alfa yin N'Ilorin
The story of the missing student .
She's dead.
Killed by a useless ronu Muslim miscreant who wants to get power and wealth from ritual.May God punish all ronu terrorists ritual killers.
Aminnn
Yetunde, a final-year student, thought she was going on an innocent datebut instead, she walked straight into the hands of a butcher.It all started with a simple Facebook connection.
Yetunde met Abdulrahman Mubarak Balogun online, and they began chatting.
On the surface, he seemed like a perfect gentlemana respected cleric with a clean social media presence, always posting religious messages and photos with high-ranking figures.But behind the polished profile was a predator in disguise.One fateful day, while attending a naming ceremony, Yetunde received a call.
And when they stepped inside his house they walked into a nightmare.The Horror Inside His HomeInside his small apartment, police   Blood splattered everywhere.
A bucket filled with dismembered human remains.
A kitchen table covered in bloodstains.YetundeTMs body had been cut into pieces and soaked in an unknown liquid.If she truly had an asthma attack, why was her body butchered?This wasnTMt a natural death.
Was he selling body parts?
A man they once respected as a cleric was now being paraded as a killer.And the scariest part?
This may not be his first time.A Chilling WarningLadies, not all that glitters on social media is gold.
A handsome face and a religious profile donTMt always mean safety.What do you think happened?Was this a ritual killing, organ trafficking, or something even darker?
Drop your thoughts in the comments!
LetTMs discuss.#TrueCrime #FacebookHorror #RitualKilling #SocialMediaDanger #TrendingNowAny alfa that does anything beyond prayers is a ritualist
Why are people desperately wicked like this?
How can someone have the mind to cut a fellow human being, especially someone you professed love to?
Shariah law must be activated for this judgement.
They're both Muslim and justice must be served.Unalive the bastard the same way he gruesomely unalive the beautiful lady.Yo1 would never have sounded like this if the girl were a non-muslim.You guys and hypocr!sy are like 5&6.
The heart of man is really wicked
'Not all Glitters are Gold'
He should be sentenced to death by hanging
Yourubas should stop killing innocent people for money rituals.
Enough sensitization should be created or ritual killings should be introduced as a compulsory subject and a course in all Yoruba primary, secondary schools and higher institutions.
This rubbish is too much.
Yetunde, a final-year student, thought she was going on an innocent datebut instead, she walked straight into the hands of a butcher.It all started with a simple Facebook connection.
Yetunde met Abdulrahman Mubarak Balogun online, and they began chatting.
On the surface, he seemed like a perfect gentlemana respected cleric with a clean social media presence, always posting religious messages and photos with high-ranking figures.But behind the polished profile was a predator in disguise.One fateful day, while attending a naming ceremony, Yetunde received a call.
And when they stepped inside his house they walked into a nightmare.The Horror Inside His HomeInside his small apartment, police   Blood splattered everywhere.
A bucket filled with dismembered human remains.
A kitchen table covered in bloodstains.YetundeTMs body had been cut into pieces and soaked in an unknown liquid.If she truly had an asthma attack, why was her body butchered?This wasnTMt a natural death.
Was he selling body parts?
A man they once respected as a cleric was now being paraded as a killer.And the scariest part?
This may not be his first time.A Chilling WarningLadies, not all that glitters on social media is gold.
A handsome face and a religious profile donTMt always mean safety.What do you think happened?Was this a ritual killing, organ trafficking, or something even darker?
Drop your thoughts in the comments!
All this alfas doing jazz for yahoo boys, your end is coming....
Naija is already a dangerous place, you can't visit your friend in peace, your friend can't also visit you...
Wooow!
Thourough investigation needs to be carried out!
Anybody associated with this heinous crime needs to die a painful death!
But these girls have no idea.Finally, the scary part is that there are more than 500 of this guy in Naija and that's just the tip of the iceberg.
They have a list high and low profile clients scattered everywhere.
Even your pastor and might be in their list.
Pastor Jerry Eze wearing singlet and shorts like boxers publicly is wrong!
Exposing private parts of your body(like your thighs,armpits,upper chest/back and others) in the name of exercise is wrong, inappropriate and sexually offensive to kids and young people and very unnecessary!You could wear track suits, or if u like wearing singlet and small tight shorts, why not have your own gym at home and exercise with your wife.
Must you go to the gym with a camera man to video you?
Must you also post these videos with your body barely covered?
You posted this yesterday on your page which has millions of followers with many young women!Jerry must know he is a role model and idolized by many and he needs to know that to whom much is given, much is expected.
He should also know some weak Christian sisters go into lust and masturbation when they see their idolsTM bodies exposed!
You are a role model.
There are outfits that cover your body better!
He makes almost a billion yearly from his YouTube prayer videos,he can afford a gym in his house, why go public
Not sure what you're yapping about.
Your great grand fathers wore less.
Overdressing is not a sign of sanctity.
Folks wear hijab and atill do the unthinkable..
You dress based on your environment.
You wear more if it is cold.
It is hot out here, so both the females and the males must learn to wear less....
95% of these pastors are just motivational speakers.
Nothing else.
You are a role model.
There are outfits that cover your body better!You are talking rubbish.He went to the gymHe was not going for a Christmas church service.If you want to dress like the sultan while going to the gym,  your cup of tea..
But stop spreading that nonsense mentality..The gentleman above is dressed appropriately for the occasion- the gym!
This charlatan SMH.
He is not different from yahoo boys, they dress the same
What is it with these unnecessary and immoral moral police?
Yoruba envy has started again.What is wrong with the dressing bikonu.Is he in a swimwear?Yoruba people stop obsessing over the Grace and simplicity in the man's life.Haba!!You know I intentionally pretended not to know the motivating factor behind his post.
"The church industry" in Nigeria is almost controlled by them, maybe with the exception of the Catholic Church.
It is a  tribal business to some them now and they are trying to fight off "competitors"!
If you take a keen look, you will notice that they always go after Pastor Morka, and his "Lord choosen" and now this man.The same thing they're doing in the betting industry,  banking industry,  oil industry and in politics with the APC, which is to ostracise, demonise and crucify all eastern potential competitors...
What's wrong with his dressingNigerians shaOnce someone is boared in his house, they will enter online and look for someone to bash.Please Men and Women are not the same.
This is the reason I hate online followers.
Mind your damn business.
Hahahahahaha,all this guy's are empty vessels just deceiving you hopeless lots that want to be deceived,they possess nothing in them and only fees when you decide to part with your hard earned incomes and give it to them,if you all really know what REAL spirituality is ehn,you will weep for all wasted years that you have used up to pursue nonsense, billionaires pastors and evangelists have no place in HEAVEN,they are just enjoying their time on earth and using it to destroy the gullible folk's.
"The church industry" in Nigeria is almost controlled by them, maybe with the exception of the Catholic Church.
What with Oyedepo, Adeboye, Adefarasin, late Joshua them and all others.Everyday,  they are collecting billions of naira worth of tithes from rudderless igbo ladies that dont know their left from their right.
It is a  tribal business to some them now and they are trying to fight off "competitors"!
"The church industry" in Nigeria is almost controlled by them, maybe with the exception of the Catholic Church.
What with Oyedepo, Adeboye, Adefarasin, late Joshua them and all others.Everyday,  they are collecting billions of naira worth of tithes from rudderless igbo ladies that dont know their left from their right.
It is a  tribal business to some them now and they are trying to fight off "competitors"!
If you take a keen look, you will notice that they always go after Pastor Morka, and his "Lord choosen" and now this man.The same thing they're doing in the betting industry,  banking industry,  oil industry and in politics with the APC, which is to ostracise, demonise and crucify all eastern potential competitors...A random thread but you had to add some tribal tone to itSpits on you allGo through that guys topics and see how he attacks even Yoruba pastors and I'm not even sure he's Yoruba himself
Flee from every appearance of sin.
Flash wads of cash before them they preach your gospel.Have you seen any god of man preach against his benefactor(s) ?Religion is a tool made by the government
You are talking rubbish.He went to the gymHe was not going for a Christmas church service.If you want to dress like the sultan while going to the gym,  your cup of tea..
But stop spreading that nonsense mentality..The gentleman above is dressed appropriately for the occasion- the gym!would you allow a man dressed like that to be your wife's personal gym instructor?
A random thread but you had to add some tribal tone to itSpits on you allGo through that guys topics and see how he attacks even Yoruba pastors and I'm not even sure he's Yoruba himselfI have to do what I have to do
.....another pastorpreneur.....
Not sure what you're yapping about.
Your great grand fathers wore less.
Overdressing is not a sign of sanctity.
You dress based on your environment.
You wear more if it is cold.
95% of these pastors are just motivational speakers.
Nothing else.
Your status and religious conviction should do too.
BTW you think we should take the opinion of some who calls himself a mad politician seriously??
Very wrong.
Your status and religious conviction should do too.BTW you think we should take the opinion of some who calls himself a mad politician seriously??You should!His opinions are madly correct all the time..People like you are the reason why Muslim women are baked in all sorts of blankets in the hot summer climates of west and north Africa.
All in the name of religion.
With all the attendant menengitis outbreaks.Son, allow your women to wear less!
Let breeze go in and out.
If the God's wanted it to be so mandatory for women to dress like astronauts,  they would have made sure that at delivery,  every gal child will come with a bag full of clothes..
All this gym girls better flee temptation.
"The church industry" in Nigeria is almost controlled by them, maybe with the exception of the Catholic Church.
What with Oyedepo, Adeboye, Adefarasin, late Joshua them and all others.Everyday,  they are collecting billions of naira worth of tithes from rudderless igbo ladies that dont know their left from their right.
That anointing mustn't be wasted.It's time to raise another 'pastorpreneurs' for the northerners and maybe for the Arabs too.
Those ones really need it.They need to be set free from the shackles and bondage of Muhammed's deception.
Hahahahahaha,all this guy's are empty vessels just deceiving you hopeless lots that want to be deceived,they possess nothing in them and only fees when you decide to part with your hard earned incomes and give it to them,if you all really know what REAL spirituality is ehn,you will weep for all wasted years that you have used up to pursue nonsense, billionaires pastors and evangelists have no place in HEAVEN,they are just enjoying their time on earth and using it to destroy the gullible folk's.Mr Man, keep quiet.
Jerry Eze never charged or demand money from anybody.His revenue is from YouTube streaming.
He calls for prayer and people respond.
Bad belle.If he sure for U, open your own livestream and see what God can do through U.
Long story short, she agreed to meet up with "the customer" in just TWO DAYS!
3 Now heTMs heartbroken and wondering if this is a major red flag.
So what?
Wellll
See question.
Did she see you as a husband.
Depending on what your order was it is difficult to know if She is into runz.
But itTMs agreed she is a hustler.
He gonna learn the hard way
Untill she brings another nigga into your house to fvck her brains out after marrying her, that's when you will know it's a purple flag
Seems men trouble themselves more about relationship than womenHe should breakup tho, as he will never trust her again, so its pointless to continue this shiiWomen have zero dignity to protect, they have no honor, so expecting something noble from them is pointlessSorry,Mann
People should learn to enjoy relationships as they go instead of searching for what is not missing, you'll only end up hurting yourself or losing a potentially good spouse
Hopeless Guy.what are still waiting for.
You are dating an OS.EEdiot is asking if it is a red flag.NO it is a green flag.
Just rmember green means GO, GO, GO, and GO.
"Run while your legs are strong enough to run.
d
no its an lgbtq flag foolish simp
This is a BLACK FLAG.She is,whorelosho
Alright.
LolYou got what you were looking for and now you are looking suprisedIf you know, you do not have the stomach for the truth why dig for itIgnorance is bliss
Bitches ain't loyal.
Even yo wives.
Majority would fail your test.
So you think you are the only one she is nacking?
Its safer that way so your mother and sisters dont catch stray's.
It isn't a red flag.It is a green white green flag.
The guy too is also a vaam.
Hmmm
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
4 years from now, you'll still 30.
4 years from now, you'll still 30.
you can till get it
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
Every man's path is different in life!To your question, yes you can!!!
It's never too late
When did age become a yardstick for education?
ItTMs too late..
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
4 years from now, you'll still 30.
Some people enter the university in their 30s and they will come out goodMy little advice.If you are not going for a professional course or high-in-demand-course, leave university and look for a skill to learn.
And I mean a skill you can grow to an industry.The world has changed and no one cares whether you went to university or not.
Not late at all.
I went to uni when I was 25.Served when I was 29 and got a Federal job (Ministry of Works) when I was 31.
So not too late.
Yes thatTMs sure tho at 23 in 2018 I put more efforts after bone fracture (femur) two and half years under the roof
Sure why not.
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
I know I've made lots of mistakes.Your advice please!!!Are you that girl that beat up her lecturer?
It is never too late.But if you feel that full time wouldn't work for you, try part time.
You would be glad you did.
All the best.
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
Me, I got admission into the university at about same age.
And if you play your card well, you can also still go for service.
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
I know I fell off very early in life.
Money is not the problem for me now, but I still feel something missing in me.
No upward age restrictions i think!
Yes, since you desire and can afford it.
Why not but if you can enroll in part time and focus more on your hustle, you will be happier at the end of everything
Oh Yes!You're definitely not too old to pick up the broken pieces of your life and you're not too advance in years to enrol in a tertiary institution.I'm 29 years old in my third uni, I've lost several years.Good thing is, I'm studying my dream course.But then, I will graduate when I'm about 34 years old.It's never too late to start or to start all over again.
It's all just a construct in our minds.
26 is young.
Yes.,It's never too late
Please it's never too lateChase your dreams to be a graduate
Why not?Even at 50.
You can go to school almost at any age.Life itself is a lesson and we keep learning everyday.Just go to school.
You can be a graduate without taking Jamb.
Register for Jamb and enrol in an open University
in the heart of Lagos exists a saloon and boutique where the staff are all first class degree holders.
The categories of workers includes; gate man, cleaner, stylist, cashier, supervisor, etc.Wonders shall never end.
If she is not first class or second class upper then it is to spite them.The joy some people have denigrating first class because they did not put in effort to get it.Or maybe out of goodwill.Or maybe taking the best from the rest.
...The pay must be super handsome.
Educational abuse
Pk
First class in mass communication from a Polytechnic!
When did polytechnics start issuing grades as first class?Moreover, having a first class doesnTMt really mean you are the smartest in your class.
ItTMs just that you cram more or have more time to warm your books than others.All the so called employees in that video look mentally unstable.
Seems sheTMd already used their brains.
But every one cannot be a millionaire or billionaire.
Everyone cannot be in management.I have seen wheel barrow pushers build mansions.
All they needed was a plan and a target.Coscharis motors that is the biggest distributor of German cars in Nigeria barely finished grade 6.He even doubles as the board of chairman of 2 investment banks in Nigeria.Degrees are just papers.
What matters is output.
What did you produce with your degree.The problem we have in Nigeria is that we have put so much focus and attention on paper certificates that produces nothing.
When you're "Theorical" first class graduate, that's bound to happen...
If they were practical they could have used that knowledge to start something.Nevertheless, this could be their little beginning, we all have our little beginning if we were not fortunate to be born into fortune.
Maybe first class from National Open University...
Nonesense.An authentic first class graduate will not do 'gate man' work.
It is a total waste of knowledge.This is a big lie.
How will they even see a first class graduate apply for such
Anyone with first class who works there doesn't deserve that grade or is an extreme case of book smart but zero street OT.
Maybe first class from National Open University...Are you better than graduates from Noun?
If you believe this shit, then you will believe anything
And so?
E
What is bad about it....
It's better than to be idol
Amid his clash with VeryDarkMan (VDM), DeeOne donates money to VDM's NGO to support one of VDM'S humanitarian projects, urges others to donate.
Madness
There's no much difference between this Deeone and Nairaland Jennyclay.
Unfortunate attention seekers!
This goes to show Nedu was the target
Wants to trend by all means
I detest humans that seek attention like its some oxygen needed for their useless existenceShame on him
10k?like 5.26 pounds or $6.62!
He's confused
The fear of VDM the beginning of wisdom to this yeyebrities.
Their knees bows before VeryDarkMan himself
Alright
He's been compromised.
VDM is a suspect.Inasmuch as i like VDM, his dressing especially that useless singlet has always been repugnant to me .
Hope everything from the onset, wasnTMt clout chasing to force his name to our remembrance again?
Dee One
Nonsense
This guy is becoming over boring.
If I were VDM, I would continue to ignore him as he's as irrelevant as the "p" in psychology...
Evil always contains the seeds of its own destruction.
It is ultimately negative, and therefore encompasses its downfall even at its moments of apparent triumph.
No matter how grandiose, how well-planned, how apparently foolproof of an evil plan, the inherent sinfulness will by definition rebound upon its instigators.
No matter how apparently successful it may seem upon the way, at the end it will wreck itself.
This one is craving VDM attention like mad
Some Nigerians who live abroad now get lesson teachers for their kids from Nigeria to help boost their children's grades in school.The lesson is done online via zoom.What do you think about this kind of style?
This is good
ItTMs primarily because itTMs cheaper
What do I know?
Nigerians have ways of simplifying complex ideas theoretically that a two-year old will understand.
That way the child will be good at both the theory and practical.
APC has failed Nigerians.
It's a really good idea..Investing in kids future is a great asset.
ItTMs primarily because itTMs cheaperBut it increases job opportunity and improves financial status of whoever wants to do the job.Learn how to use ur mouth positive and  not only for negative and character assassinations........
if you want to go far in life.You guys would complain and wailing about Naija situation, the same people would quickly jump to conderm any act of improving the nation building.
What else you want!
ItTMs primarily because itTMs cheaperor free self
ItTMs a welcome idea.
I have people who do that, for itTMs cheaper and brings our moral values to the children because the online teachers teach as if they are teaching in Nigerian settings.
Cheap labour
To teach indigenous languages or what?
I did this while I was in Nigeria.
I prepared a kid in year five for his Primary checkpoint English and his elder brother for his GCSE.
And I often prepared others for IELTS.
So it's a win win!
That's nonsense
Some Nigerians who live abroad now get lesson teachers for their kids from Nigeria to help boost their children's grades in school.The lesson is done online via zoom.What do you think about this kind of style?They will be paying the person based on Nigeria price .
I have a friend doing it for someone in UK
only for Igbo language would i engage a teacher living in nigeria.dont birth children if you cant afford their education wherever you reside.Imagine letting a Nigerian teach my children useless cut-and-join Nigerian English
Alright.
Many Nigerians see this gap and decide that their own child will not join the bandwagon of mediocrity and so get a teacher from Nigeria who will help push the child better with a Nigerian driven curriculum.Why do you think Nigerians top classes in UK schools for example?
Our teachers will use technology to impact knowledge.Hope d pay is sweet oo.
Very good.
One thing I love about we Nigerians is our educational system.
Thorough teachings alongside heavy workloads from various subject and that's the reason you see them go to other countries and become their best students there
So that you pay him 20k, very wicked peopleOya gettat arraherrrr
After all, the western cultured children can't take our system of learning.Maybe those parents just want to save cost
I think it's a welcome development.
It's been going for a while now.As we speak I have 2 students I teach online and its going on fine.
Its just that you must know your onions and be ready to adapt because of differences in the curricula of the two countries involved.
You may also need to spend money to get the necessary materials like the recommended texts and past questions.
Many Nigerians see this gap and decide that their own child will not join the bandwagon of mediocrity and so get a teacher from Nigeria who will help push the child better with a Nigerian driven curriculum.Why do you think Nigerians top classes in UK schools for example?
only for Igbo language would i engage a teacher living in nigeria.dont birth children if you cant afford their education wherever you reside.Imagine letting a Nigerian teach my children useless cut-and-join Nigerian EnglishThis is by far the most preposterous comment so far on this thread.
Some of us that didn't study English language and aren't English language Teachers can even teach the Language well to a good extent.
Residents of Tudun Murtala Tagarji community in Kano State woke up to a distressing discovery of a newborn baby abandoned in a carton near the Kaura drainage.According to Commander Sulaiman Rabiu, leader of the Operation Zaman Lafiya vigilante group, his team came across the heartbreaking scene during a routine patrol around 2 a.m.
on Saturday.Yesterday around 2 a.m., while we were out on patrol, we came across a shocking incident inside a pit very close to us.
Upon close observation, we noticed a disposed carton, but we had no idea what was inside it, he recounted.Determined to investigate, the team proceeded with caution.In order to clear our doubt and be sure nothing harmful was kept there, I instructed my boys to open the carton, and behold, upon opening it, we saw a baby already dead, Sulaiman revealed.Following the discovery, the vigilantes took the baby to their office and informed the community leadership.By morning, we invited the ward head to come and see for himself, along with other members of the community, before conveying the baby to the police station and informing them, he explained.The police later directed them to a hospital for medical examination, where doctors confirmed the baby was dead.We came back home and organized burial rites for the baby in accordance with Islamic teachings, Sulaiman stated.Commander Sulaiman urged vigilante groups to remain vigilant in safeguarding their communities and called on parents to guide their children, particularly young women, to avoid circumstances leading to unwanted pregnancies.Unwanted pregnancy goes against Islamic teachings, and parents should monitor their childrenTMs movements, with guidance from traditional leaders, he advised.
May The Gentle Soul Of The Baby, Rest Well TM
Women are terrible!
OK ,wickedness ,Princess Faith Chukwu
A condom could have saved us from this news
Rip to the baby
Jesu..
Beautiful kid...
Abortion is BETTER than this.
What a wicked world
Someone's prayer point been wasted by another nuisance, later when they need it and couldn't get it,they run to Shiloh
You see why this life can never be balanced
TM2
Just look at this beautiful soul....So sad that someone could do this.
north again
Aboki
What a beautiful looking baby, rest in peace little one
RIP Baby.
U just escaped an Hell hole and a shithole.
When you are coming back next time, pls tell God to land u in America.
Someone women with evil mind.
for the love of God
TheWest African Examinations Council, WAEC, has released the results of the 2024 West African Senior School Certificate Examination, WASSCE, for private candidates, second series.A total of 2,577 candidates had their results withheld due to allegations of examination malpractice.This was disclosed in a statement on Sunday by the Acting Public Affairs Officer of WAEC, Moyosola Adesina.Adesina said no fewer than 65,023 candidates sat for the examination in Nigeria between October 25 and December 20, 2024 at various centres across the country.She also disclosed that at least 34,878 candidates, representing 53.64 per cent, obtained credit and above in at least five subjects, including English Language and Mathematics.She advised candidates to check their results at accessing digital copies of their certificates at also said that those whose results were withheld should visit the WAEC Notice of Examination Malpractice Portal ( to respond to allegations against them.Reported cases will be investigated, including evidence gathered and candidatesTM representations submitted.
Findings will be reviewed by the CouncilTMs relevant Committee for a final decision.The CommitteeTMs decisions will be communicated directly to the affected candidates, Adesina stated.The WAEC spokesperson explained that 16,886 (48.41 per cent) of the successful candidates were male, while 17,992 (51.58 per cent) were female.According to her, in the 2022 and 2023 second series, 42.16 per cent and 44.29 per cent of candidates, respectively, obtained credit and above in at least five subjects, including English and Mathematics.She noted that statistical analysis shows that 43,923 candidates (67.55 per cent) obtained credit and above in at least five subjects, regardless of English Language or Mathematics.DAILY POST reports that examiners marked candidatesTM scripts at five centres in Lagos, Ibadan, Benin, Enugu, and Kaduna between January 15 and February 4.
Glory Be To God, They Have Release WAEC......
And so?
Only a few numbers will come from the uneducated southeast...Ndi DOT IN the circle
Kubwa, Abuja and online.what part of kubwa
OK ,Private candidates indeed ,a way of making more money ,Princess Faith Chukwu
Pls, I need you people's advice on how I can leave this country.
It's not a joke, I really need to leave.
So tired of the things happening in this country and there's no end in sight.
Our politicians are only after their personal benefits, no one thinks about the masses.
In a country that should promote equity and fairness, some people are still given a preferential treatment for a national exams.
Useless waec, someone that canTMt even spell come will score A in English language with special centers all over the country
It seems getting straight "A"s and "B"s is now easier compared to a few decades ago!
In a country that should promote equity and fairness, some people are still given a preferential treatment for a national exams.Another name for the popular exams we call "GCE".
WAEC still remains the examination body with integrity which is a yardstick for NECO to sit up.
I cant imagine how Nigerian examination would be today if left in the hand of NECO (Nigerian based examination).Once examination bodies lose their integrity the ripple effect is enormous and cannot be overstated
In a country that should promote equity and fairness, some people are still given a preferential treatment for a national exams.Private Candidate examination is simply an examination conducted for candidates who may not necessarily be in School setting.
It is conducted in December and January.For example you dont expect a full grown man that is interested in getting an SSCE certificate to start going to school from SS1 - SS3 all over again.
You simply register with WAEC and they will secure a centre for you to write your exams.
Its not a new thing.Its what we all know as GCE in time past.There's nothing like preferential treatment in this matter.
WAEC resulter checker is available contact Busytop tutorial on 0 8 0 2 9 7 1 9 8 5 0
what part of kubwaWhy are you asking tho...?
In a country that should promote equity and fairness, some people are still given a preferential treatment for a national exams.Private candidate means 'out of school' candidateMaybe overage or working class, people who are not in school
With the level of corruption in our system, WAEC and NECO are not exams (for what we know exams to be)..Now, anybody (whether old or young, ozuor or intelligent) can pass the O'level exams without panic; "number 1 A, number 2 B.."...
Pls, I need you people's advice on how I can leave this country.
It's not a joke, I really need to leave.
So tired of the things happening in this country and there's no end in sight.
Our politicians are only after their personal benefits, no one thinks about the masses.
Good luck
Who have checked their own Waec Results here ??Cuz my wife tried to check her results but the platform says the results for the year is not found.
Another name for the popular exams we call "GCE".They should have specified for clarification.
Private candidate means 'out of school' candidateMaybe overage or working class, people who are not in schoolok, i now understand.
Private Candidate examination is simply an examination conducted for candidates who may not necessarily be in School setting.
It is conducted in December and January.For example you dont expect a full grown man that is interested in getting an SSCE certificate to start going to school from SS1 - SS3 all over again.
You simply register with WAEC and they will secure a centre for you to write your exams.
Its not a new thing.Its what we all know as GCE in time past.There's nothing like preferential treatment in this matter.Well explained..
He also said he would allow European nations to buy US weapons for Ukraine.Asked by the BBC about his timetable for an end to fighting, Trump said only that "we're working to get it done" and laid the blame for the war on the previous administration's Ukraine policies.Writing in the Telegraph, Sir Keir said "peace cannot come at any cost" and "Ukraine must be at the table in these negotiations, because anything less would accept Putin's position that Ukraine is not a real nation".He "We cannot have another situation like Afghanistan, where the US negotiated directly with the Taliban and cut out the Afghan government - in reference to a deal negotiated by Trump's first administration, which was later enacted by the Biden administration."I feel sure that President Trump will want to avoid this too," said Sir KeirSir Keir said Ukraine's path to Nato membership was "irreversible" and European nations "must increase our defence spending and take on a greater role" in the alliance.The UK currently spends around 2.3% of GDP on defence and has committed to increase defence spending to a 2.5% share of the economy, without giving a timeframe for this.Trump has called for Nato members to spend 5% of GDP on defence, while Nato secretary general Mark Rutte has suggested allies should spend more than 3%.Lord Dannatt - who was head of the Army from 2006 to 2009 - told the BBC up to 40,000 UK troops would be needed for a peacekeeping mission in Ukraine and "we just haven't got that number available".He said, in total, a force to keep the peace would require about 100,000 troops and the UK would have to supply "quite a proportion of that and we really couldn't do it".The meeting in Paris called by French President Emmanuel Macron will see Sir Keir joined by leaders from Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain, the Netherlands and Denmark along with the presidents of the European Council and European Commission, and Rutte.
UK should thread with caution, though I understand their frustration with Donald trump and wanting to save face, they've been humiliated by the orange man in the white houseI think this is a wake up call and opportunity for Europe to break away from US and build their own army
No government position is higher than the throne of England, but these same useless people placed our royal stools under a mere LG chairman, demonized our traditional and cultural beliefs and sold their fake, feminine ideology to us.
Imagine the dead slay queen empowering women to be the lords over their husbands in the UK.
We bought their many deceitful ideas; eg.
Tell me the difference between "father Christmas/Santaclaus and our own masqueradesTM .
Late so called queen and her cohorts were barbaric and notorious criminals, but these thieves were and are still busy claiming noble/aristocrat..That's why I was sad when I learnt that Germany/Adolf Hitler wanted to bring the empire to its knees, but he couldn't do it sadly...
Okay
They have been fighting Russia covertly in Ukraine, they just coming out to announce it
Sending troops to a war torn area this late in the game while there are peace talks underway very odd
Desperation...
Accept your defeat.
A potentially interesting turn of events.
Since 1945, the UK has not had reason to oppose Russia on the battle field.
Now, we are faced with a potential situation that may very well escalate.
Now can the UK force project?
That's unlikely as it has limited blue water navy capabilities.
Can UK troops in Ukraine be a game changer?
Certainly not in the way we'd like to think.
Their presence there is just a trip wire that will draw in larger European forces.Emmanuel Macron is chomping at the bits to commit troops to Ukraine.
However, the situation needed not have gotten to this extent.
let's get involved
Late so called queen and her cohorts were barbaric and notorious criminals, but these thieves were and are still busy claiming noble/aristocratSame as USA.
Small small uk is loosing itTMs grip on world affairs.Since after Tony Blair.
They have become so reserved in world politics
Let see how Europe's going to manage their world of dominance without US.
Trump is nailing them to their place and seek friendship from the ach-rival Russia, Trump will humble European for his 4years in office
Why does this sound funny...
Maybe in history UK might have had a strong army, but since we entered the 21st century, I've never pictured UK as having soldiers not to talk of being strong enough to even fight any nation...
Why can't they mind their biz?
European leaders trying to proof relevance of their countries.
TheyTMre still calling for warWarWarAnd trump is advocating for peace
The idiot that can't protect his country from islamic terrorism.The idiot that is suppressing free speech is talking about sending troops to Ukraine.
Do you think Russia is a joke?!
No government position is higher than the throne of England, but these same useless people placed our royal stools under a mere LG chairman, demonized our traditional and cultural beliefs and sold their fake, feminine ideology to us.
We bought their many deceitful ideas; eg.
Tell me the difference between "father Christmas/Santaclaus and our own masqueradesTM .
Europe should ignore Trump and speak with one voiceIt is their continent to protect.Putin like Trump is a bully.Putin harness part of Georgia the world kept mute,He is doing same with UkraineWho knows who is next.If he succeed with Ukraine again, other Baltic states are not safe wether those with NATO status or not......Trump and Putin are long time friends long before Trump becomes president.Trump won't raise a finger against Putin, quote me anywhere.Europe defend yourself
Good
"I was surfing net and fortunately came across this site and found very interesting stuff here.
Its really fun to read.
I enjoyed a lot.
Thanks for sharing this wonderful information.<a href=""
A terrible motor accident involving a Toyota Camry with registration number, EPE 541 JO and Hyundai Santa FE with registration number, AAA212 CD, on Sunday, claimed lives of eight people.The accident, which occurred at Amala, Ngor-Okpala LGA of Imo State, claimed occupants of both vehicles.DAILY POST reports that police operatives from Ngor-Okpala Divisional headquarters swiftly arrived the scene.According to the spokesperson of the State Police Command, DSP Henry Okoye, the remains of the deceased were immediately evacuated and deposited in the mortuary, while the vehicles were evacuated from the road to ease off traffic.He stated that the command had launched an investigation to unravel the cause of the accident and to identify the families of the deceased.Pictorial evidence has also been documented to aid further inquiries into the cause of the accident,he hinted.Following the development, the Police Commissioner in the State, CP Aboki Danjuma, has cautioned motorists against reckless driving and excessive speeding, pointing out that the two factors remained major causes of road accidents.He urges all road users to drive responsibly, observe traffic rules and exercise patience while on the road.Every driver has a duty to protect not only their lives but also those of other road users by adhering to established road safety regulations, the CP advised.He enjoined members of the public to assist the police by providing any useful information that may aid in identifying the victims.Anyone with relevant details should contact the nearest police station, he stated.
May Their Gentle Soul Rest In Perfect Peace TM
Sad
May Their Gentle Soul Rest In Perfect Peace TMAmen
RIP
Nawa o
May their souls rest in peace.
Rest in peace.
.this one is a direct collision.
Probably over taking or driving on wrong lane.
Serves those fools right over speeding kills
RIP to the dead.Life is worth close to nothing in the southeast
Over speeding
RIP to the dead.
May God give the family the fortitude to bear the loss.We Africans have a lot of things to still improve.Yes accidents happen abroad but we all know the bad state of our roads.
Y
End time fatal motor accident
Jdhjd
The government will be hold accountable for this death
RIP to the deadBut isn't Road Safety the ones that are supposed to handle such incidents?
The entire southeast is a Danger zone now.
Since the beginning of 2025, we've not heard anything good coming out of that terrain.
It's either A man is raping his daughter, or a son is stabbing his father due to shortage of food, or someone is being kidnapped, or someone has used his mother's head for rituals, or UGM has killed them or Dangote truck has rammed into a building.
God pls show mercy on your people.
We need total spiritual cleansing
Bad news this early Monday morning from this boy again ?
South East is bleeding blood.
The land needs to be cleanedThis year aloneTriple fuel tanker explosionsMultiple road accidentsKidnapping & innocent killings of YouthsFulani Herdsmen massacre in Ebonyi stateThe list goes on and on....
We need to cast lot and cleans the land off evil
AMALAI never knew ibo people love amala that much they even named a  whole area after it.R I P to the dead
Some drivers sometimes thinks that life has a duplicate
Quite unfortunateRip to the deads
May the soul of the departed RIP.
AMALAI never knew ibo people love amala that much they even named a  whole area after it.R I P to the deadEverything is not all about jokes.
We will grow great when we start taking things serious....
The other day it was alleged thatUSAIDis the sponsor of BOKO HARAM insurgency in the North but I was surprised to seeVERY DARK, DEONE, NEDU, SAIDABOJstill dragging irrelevant talks and creating unnecessary drama when theyouthsupposed to be in around tabledeliberating how to holdbad leadersaccountable for their actionsTueh
to the dead
Minister of Marine and Blue Economy,Adegboyega Oyetola has urged Governor Ademola Adeleke of Osun State to respect the Appeal Court judgement that reinstated the sacked local government chairmen in the state.Oyetola also dismissed AdelekeTMs claims of plotting the breakdown of law and order in the state.OSUN DEFENDER reports that the Governor while addressing a World Press Conference on Sunday had alleged his predecessor of plotting to destabilise the state.Adeleke said Oyetola was planning to use security agencies to create chaos and anarchy in Osun state over the judgement of the Appeal Court on the sacked elected Yes or No Chairmen.But, in a statement by the Media Office of the minister, a copy of which was made available to journalists on Sunday, Oyetola said he is a man of peace who has tremendous respect for the judiciary, rule of law and constituted authority, as such would never be party to any breakdown of law and order.For the four years he governed Osun, he gave a good account of himself as a man of peace, a respecter of rule of law and one not given to violence.
If he is given to violence, he would certainly have fought back violently in 2022 when was brazenly rigged out.Again, in 2022, when Governor Ademola Adeleke employed extra-judicial means to sack democratically elected council officials, Oyetola as the leader of party, never preached violence.
And as peace-loving leader, he appealed to security agencies to enforce the judgement of the court.
I think anyone accusing Oyetola of violence needs to have his/her head properly examined.The minister, is further seizing this opportunity to appeal to his successor to respect the Appeal Court judgement, rather than resort to cheap blackmail, which has no place in law, the statement reads in part.
Adeleke clueless press conference doesnTMt hold any water here.
Adeleke and his party Pdp are goners
Adeleke and Oyetola should grow up
What is the exact position of the Appeal Court judgement?
Did the court truly order the reinstatement of the Council Chairmen or no consequential order was given as claimed by the governor?Those with better understanding of the judgement should enlighten the rest of us.
who cares?Nigerians has moved ahead with the Yoruba government induced hardshipAll the persons that might die in this their fight no see pass 5kTinubu dealing with his peopleAnd them clapping and singing his praises
What is the exact position of the Appeal Court judgement?
Osun people are still confused about their political terrain.
Adeleke is the governor but Oyetola wants to hijack it while Aregbesola wants to scatter everything.
DonTMt o
This is a big mess!
Why not concentrate on your blue economy ministry and come up.
politicians will not stop amazing us.
Osun defender is telling the side of the story that suits them.
See the The court in a judgment in Tuesday ordered the immediate resumption of office of the council officials who are all members of the All Progressives Congress, APC.Meanwhile, the Osun State Independent Electoral Commission, OSSIEC, has filed an appeal against the Appeal Court judgement.The government filed an application for stay of execution, pending hearing of the appeal.DAILY POST recalls that on assumption of office in November 2022, Governor Adeleke sacked the local government officials after a High Court decision had earlier upturned their election.The High Court sacked the council officials after their election which was organised by OSSIEC.The Osun State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and other political parties had approached the High Court to challenge the council elections.They prayed the court to declare the election as a nullity because it was only the APC candidates who contested vacant positions and the  options given to them was either a YES or NOTM."Based on this newspaper information, there is an appeal of that judgement and stay of execution in place at the court.So why is Oyetola and his APC team in a hurry?
Be calm and see it through at the courts.
who cares?Nigerians has moved ahead with the Yoruba government induced hardshipAll the persons that might die in this their fight no see pass 5kTinubu dealing with his peopleAnd them clapping and singing his praisesAnother mentally unstable youth
Who are we to believe?
Adeleke in his statement claimed that the removal was done at the tenure of the same Oyetola.
Oyetola is still pained for loosing election.the weakling should wait for the next election and try his luck.
Are You Looking for Highly Profitable Business Ideas with Little or No Capital?Worry no more!
Access in-depth guides that will transform these ideas into lucrative ventures....
Step-by-Step Guidance  Get detailed instructions on how to start, grow, and profit!
Get Your Copy Now!
Call or WhatsApp Us Now Check my profile or click on my profile link here    contact details!DonTMt miss this opportunity to start a business with little or no capital and achieve financial independence!
One of the non-performing ministers in this Administration.
President Tinubu just gave him this portfolio so he won't remain jobless
There was a court judgement sacking the chairman during Oyetola's tenure which he refused to comply with so when Adeleke won election, he proceeded to enforce it.
Thankfully, his party won at the Appeal last week.And as peace-loving leader, he appealed to security agencies to enforce the judgement of the court.
I think anyone accusing Oyetola of violence needs to have his/her head properly examined.Nice.
Very nice.Adeleke, the ball is now in your court.
deadly APC are establishing different law suits in every opposition states in other to cause confusion because of 2027 election
So oyetola is the appeal court JudgeDid you even read the post at allso oyetola is now an enforcer of the law ?
Stupid politicians
are you trying to do then?
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control has intensified its enforcement efforts against the sale of illicit and counterfeit pharmaceuticals, sealing over 3,000 shops within the Idumota Open Drug Market in Lagos in the first week of operations.This was made known in a statement shared on X (formerly Twitter) on Saturday by NAFDAC.During the raid, officials uncovered alarming violations, including vaccines stored in dilapidated, unventilated rooms sealed with iron sheets, posing severe health risks.Large consignments of banned and dangerous drugs were also discovered, including Analgin injections, diverted HIV antiretroviral drugs, and expired medicines slated for illegal revalidation.The statement said,"In the first week of enforcement, NAFDAC screened and sealed over 3,000 shops within the Idumota Open Drug Market in Lagos."Among the discoveries were vaccines stored in dilapidated, unventilated rooms sealed with iron sheets in highly unsanitary conditions."Additionally, large consignments of banned products, including Analgin injections, diverted-free HIV antiretroviral drugs, expired medicines set for revalidation, and unregistered pharmaceuticals, were found."We have evacuated illicit pharmaceuticals equivalent to 12 truckloads."Empty packs and cartons of expired unregistered antimalarial injections were discovered inside a packing shop.
The vials were removed."#HappeningNowEcstasy (MDMA or Molly), various brands of Codeine Cough Syrup and Tramadol 225, were discovered in a warehouse within the market, away from the pharmaceutical section where other products are sold."The enforcement operation is part of NAFDACTMs renewed commitment to sanitising the countryTMs drug distribution system and curbing the proliferation of counterfeit and dangerous medications, the agency said.Nlfpmod
This was why they killed Dora.It's good to see another NAFDAC chief working again...
Nice job NAFDAC.
From the same culpritsWith the way NAFDAC have been bursting those who are into fake drugs, some billionaires might soon become thousandnaires
Hmm!
May the soul of Dora rest in peaceAnyone selling fake drugs in order to be rich is a terrorist and a ritualistPeter Obi people are endangered tribe to this nation
NAFDAC should arrest these perpetrators.If not, they won't stop
I wonder when FAKE DRUGS would seize in NIGERIA
I wonder when FAKE DRUGS would seize in NIGERIAMaybe after the hospitals are overwhelmed with kidney transplant patients.
Better late than never.
The enforcement should be in full gears till all counterfeiters are brought to their kneels
Nawa o
They sealed shops selling fake drugs in Onitsha and Peter Obi went to sympathise with the traders
The wo-MEN hide under the beds  every Monday...
she will wrap her hairy muscular legs  around your rib cage" Femi pour   everything inside, biko"...
They need to work with soludo to intensify his effort in bringing down all the shrines in their headquarter Agulu and co!
Before they attack this man too spiritually like they attacked my Dora!
May the soul of Dora rest in peaceAnyone selling fake drugs in order to be rich is a terrorist and a ritualistPeter Obi people are endangered tribe to this nationRonus are worse than the devi'l....they prefer the whole country to suffer provided their incompetent is leading
Okay oo
When the wo-MEN hide under the beds  every Monday...
you will see the reason why Lagos is Heaven to some people.Tell a yamleggr you willl take her to Lagos ..
she will wrap her hairy muscular legs  around your rib cage" Femi pour   everything inside, biko"...
Since sitting at home on Mondays is limiting their sales they have since relocated to Lagos.
Nafdac should seal more please if found guilty.
Dora did not do one quarter of this woman.
Instead Dora was collecting awards from them and their business was growing under Dora till they became the today monsters
Hmmm!We need the maximum penalties for fake drugs and foods crime!Even narcotics and related offenses too!
Life expectancy may just reduce to 15 years if these ones are left unchecked.
Humanity  have lost it long ago
Good.
They are now going after the big lords and the suppliers/importers.
Once they perfect minimum of life year imprisonment and forfeit of all their assets, you will see how everything about fake products will die down within few years.
Kudos to them.
Fake drugs is very very dangerous to healthPlease those in the habit of producing fake drugs and selling of expired drugs should desist from it.Fake/expired drugs kills faster than anythingThe rate of kidney disease is very alarming these days due to fake drugs, & drinks in circulation
So, the Nigerian government must be interested.ITMm worried, but the Nigerian security agencies have raised this indirectly several times.
Even the Borno State government was wary of the operations of the NGOs.I remember during the period of (Lieutenant General Tukur) Buratai, the Nigerian Army got intelligence and even raided the office of USAID or United Nations in Maiduguri.
There was also a time when the governor got intelligence and security agencies raided one NGO that was providing training to some of their staff on how to use guns.We have been wondering for all these years where these people are getting money.Ndume further said Nigeria should be giving out humanitarian assistance to other countries and not receiving them.This issue of relying on aid from other countries is not even good for us because Nigeria, by now, is supposed to be the one that is giving out aid and not receiving aid, he said.This is like a wake-up for all of us in government.
We have everything; the only problem is the leadership.
We need to fix that so that weTMll tap into what we have and be content.
Hmm
You will not see Peter Obi saying anything about this.
You will not see Peter Obi saying anything about this.
Very devish manAhhh...time to masturbate with PO's name.
Your daily dose done and dusted.
Hope you ejaculating stones?...foooool...
The North sponsored bokoharam!
Telling Criminal to probe Criminal
They wouldnTMt probe because theyTMre also part of the weighty allegation
If everyone in every northern commjnity becomes a whistle blower like in the SW, BH will not stay
He said the money will likely be used by the taliban to fund Boko haram and other terrorist groups
We shall see
You will not see Peter Obi saying anything about this.
Very devish manYou should be worried about your father inability to provide for his family not Peter Obi your nightmare.
You will not see Peter Obi saying anything about this.
You will not see Peter Obi saying anything about this.
Very devish manSee what hatred has done to you.
I take it that you are still young.
They sometimes blatantly admits that they create terrorist groups.
Americans are arrogant.
Jonathan said it that the level of interference by the Obama Government was overwhelming.
Obama even tell Nigerians to vote for new chapter while refused to sell weapons to Jonathan going to the extents of sending US Secretary of State to visit Bihari just before election.
The North sponsored bokoharam!Grow up, they fought 15years with Sophisticated weapons they definitely received foreign funding and Intel from a sophisticated military power in the world
Is it not same Ndume Jonathan dragged to court for sponsorship of Boko Haram?
He is reacting to the USAID allegations because in a way the thing will affect him.
Bunch of unrepentant terrorists
Probe it
The druggie will not like this submission
Where are the people (especially Christians) championing Muslims are terrorists?It has been said that Boko haram were killing Christians.Now US is the main sponsor.Why are they not calling out US?Hypocrites!
If you like delude yourself that its the USAID.
Did you see any Americans among the bokoharam members you've been pardoning as repentant?Grow up
The US government believe in one terrible hegemonic policy, That policy is if a country grow to a certain level, it will challenge their power.This is the reason why they have issues with China, because China is fast becoming more powerful than the US.It is glaring to the blind that they destabilize a lot nations in order to hinder their growth.God bless Nigeria
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
Director General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, has asked African leaders to look inward for funding opportunities for the continent.Access to aid, I think we can begin to think of it as a thing of the past, the former Nigerian finance minister said at the headquarters of the African Union in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.According to the ex-World Bank developmental economist, Africa really needs to change its mindset and see opportunities with the seeming challenge and effect of the pause of billions of dollars in global funding for United StatesTM health and education projects in countries of the world.Okonjo-Iweala said African leaders must attract investment and mobilise resources to survive contemporary social and economic realities that come with the policies of the Donald Trump presidency.
Amazing
Common man does not know anything like aid exist in this government.
Let all forms of aid stop, those who steal from it will cry more on our behalf because they have been enjoying them on our behalf.
OK ,good ,but we hope that African leaders listen and help it city developed in all areas ,Princess Faith Chukwu
Okonjo-Iweala should be careful, European countries won't like her comments
Let all forms of aid stop, those who steal from it will cry more on our behalf because they have been enjoying them on our behalf.
They should have been doing this since
If only the government can give an account of all the Aids received so far.Some of us never knew aids existed.
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
Common man does not know anything like aid exist in this government.
The last programme I saw was $10k to support small businesses in Nigeria and the ads all over the internet.USAID organises coaching and mentoring programmes for small business holders.
Where does the money come from?The problem of most Nigerians is clearly ignorance.
The level of embezzlement of aid is something else.
Hence the Corruption.
Let Africa work for hrnse.
Common man does not know anything like aid exist in this government.
yesThrowing away the baby and the bathing water is narrow mindedness
A step in the right direction.Long overdue!
.African leaders only use these aids to get free money to squander.
For over 3 decades that I've been on earth, I've only been hearing about USAID, I never imagine that the government of Nigeria are also receiving  it.So my question is, who are the beneficiaries?
The government or the the people?.Huh, in a working country, the citizens must hold their neck for more explanation
Poor African countries need aids but Nigeria is not a poor country we are only poorly managed and corrupt.African leaders must be held accountable from now.
Its over
African leaders are only innovative when devising different ways to steal from their own people/countriesUseless old bastards
They need no Aid or Loan, tell that to Tinubu and APC borrow borrow government.EscoBAT came to power without a blueprint.
Just arrogantly opened his smelly mouth wahhhhh like Hippo on his inauguration day and announced "Subsidy is gone" without sitting down in the office to know how the machinery of the Federal government works.
All his policies are never well thought out before announcement.This country is in a big mess.
Their lies and propaganda isn't working anymore.Nigerians are suffering a lot.
Resources are plenty in Africa.
It's just unfortunate that leadership is the key problem.
The last programme I saw was $10k to support small businesses in Nigeria and the ads all over the internet.USAID organises coaching and mentoring programmes for small business holders.
See how this thing is spreading, all because people get infected, live on drugs, look healthy and infect others.
Spreading death like souvenir.Every aid, should go.
It has always been the survival of the fittest.
Apart from immunization drugs given to my kids, I know of no other AID in Nigeria
The last programme I saw was $10k to support small businesses in Nigeria and the ads all over the internet.USAID organises coaching and mentoring programmes for small business holders.
Where does the money come from?The problem of most Nigerians is clearly ignorance.So your country depends so much on aid but your past president was funding Taliban, sending money for projects in Niger Republic, and forgiving the sins of past political criminals as soon as they join APC.
A country that depends so much on aids can never be able to prioritise research and development.
Maybe, this time, your government will begin to prioritise pharmaceutical research.The idea of using the poor people as economic and political bait may soon be over.
Will there be pains and bad repercussions, yes.
Will that pain draw us closer to the much needed revolution against lazy, unproductive crooks in power?
Just maybe.
The last programme I saw was $10k to support small businesses in Nigeria and the ads all over the internet.USAID organises coaching and mentoring programmes for small business holders.
The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps on Sunday warned the Nigeria Labour Congress against its planned March 1 shutdown of telecommunication services in response to the recent 50 per cent tariff hike.The Private Telecommunications and Communications Senior Staff Association of Nigeria and the Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria similarly pushed back against the NLCTMs planned boycott of telecom services and shutdown of telecom infrastructure, arguing that such actions are misguided and could harm the industry.The spokesman for the NSCDC, Babawale Afolabi, in a chat with The PUNCH on Sunday, said the agency had deployed operatives to the base stations to prevent any illegal action by the protesters.The NSCDC, tasked with protecting critical national infrastructure, including telecommunications, expressed concerns over the potential risks the NLC action could pose to national security and public safety.The NLC announced its intention to shut down the operations of telecommunications companies across the country if the tariff hike announced by the Nigerian Communications Commission was not reversed by the end of February.The union directed Nigerians to boycott the services of major telecom providers, including MTN, Airtel, and Glo, daily between 11am and 2pm starting February 13 and continuing through the month.The NLC in a communiqu signed by its President, Joe Ajaero and General Secretary, Emma Ugboaja, accused the telecom operators of breaching public trust by implementing the tariff hike before the conclusion of a 10-man review panelTMs deliberations.The union also faulted the government for failing to protect citizens from corporate exploitation.The NLC argued that the tariff increase represented a betrayal of public trust, given the earlier agreement to establish a committee to review the proposed hike.However, the NSCDC urged the NLC to reconsider its planned protest, warning that any disruption to telecom services could expose the country to criminal activities and compromise national security.Afolabi made it clear that the agency will not allow any action that could jeopardise the security of the nation.He revealed that state commandants had been directed to maintain round-the-clock surveillance at telecom facilities, with a nationwide deployment of officers, including undercover operatives, to ensure the protection of these assets.Citing the importance of telecommunications to national security, the corps warned that any disruption could result in vandalism and other criminal activities.He added, Already, the NSCDC commandant-general has directed state commandants to maintain round-the-clock surveillance in and around all the telecom masts in their locations.Also, there is going to be nationwide massive deployment of the officers and men of the corps, including undercover and intelligence operatives, to maintain peace and ensure that all the government and corporate organisationsTM critical national assets and infrastructure are protected from the miscreants who might likely use the opportunity of the planned protest to carry out their criminal activities.TMTMAvailable credible intelligence already established the fact that the planned protest will be hijacked by hoodlums and that is why the NSCDC is on top of the situation, he further stated.The NSCDC called for dialogue to resolve the dispute and hoped that the NLC would reconsider its stance.Afolabi stated, The NSCDC, under the leadership of Commandant-General, Dr.
Ahmed Audi, is appealing to the organized labour under the umbrella of the Nigeria Labour Congress to shelve their planned protest of March 01, 2025 and the move to shut down telecommunication facilities nationwide.Although peaceful protests are allowed under the law, experience and fallouts of similar threats in the past necessitate the need to appeal to the NLC not to embark on any action that will further affect the security of the country.NSCDC will not fold its arms and allow any action that will expose the nationTMs security and eventual compromised economic stability and public safety, under the guise of protesting the increase in telecom services tariffs.The scars of similar protests that turned violent in the past are still there as reference points and the NSCDC and other security agencies in the country will not allow the miscreants, hoodlums and other non-state actors to hide under the guise of NLC protest to loot and vandalise government and corporate organisations assets and infrastructure.The NSCDC stressed its commitment to safeguarding the nationTMs critical infrastructure and stated that it is prepared to take decisive legal action against those who attempt to undermine the security of the country.The NSCDC is committed to safeguarding the lives of Nigerians and property of the government and corporate organizations we are ready to take decisive actions against any individual or group that embarks on any action that can jeopardise the security architecture of the country, he added.The corps said it has placed its personnel on high alert and warned that anyone found engaging in illegal activities during the protest will be dealt with according to the law.We still believe that dialogue remains the best solution and we hope that organised labour will listen to the voice of reason and jaw-jaw with the government.
We advise organised labour leaders to stay away from base stations and telecom mast locations as NSCDC personnel have been placed on red alert.Anybody found wanting will be dealt with according to the stipulated law of the country, the spokesperson cautioned.The Private Telecommunications and Communications Senior Staff Association of Nigeria criticised the NLC over its planned protest.The Secretary-General of PTECSSAN, Abdullahi Okonu, told The PUNCH on Sunday that the union had already made its position clear, arguing that the increase is necessary to prevent a collapse of the industry.In a letter addressed to the NLC, PTECSSAN said the labour congress had acted in error by taking decisions without consulting the union, which represents workers in the telecom sector.It is our firm belief that the Congress Leadership has acted in error in taking these decisions without prior consultation with our union that operates in the sector, the letter read.Perhaps, getting in touch with us to provide you with information on the happenings in the sector would have assisted the Leadership in taking a better decision than it had taken, it further said.The union acknowledged the concerns over the impact of the tariff increase on consumers but insisted that the hike was unavoidable due to rising operational costs.PTECSSAN pointed to the removal of fuel subsidy and the subsequent surge in petroleum prices, which have significantly increased the cost of maintaining telecom base stations across the country.On its part, the Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria urged the labour unions to suspend its planned rally, pointing out that there had been no formal engagements or discussions with the telecom operators before the unionTMs decision.ATCON president Tony Emoekpere criticised the planned boycott of telecom services and shutdown of infrastructure declared by the workersTM union.This isnTMt a labour issue; itTMs an industry-wide challenge.
Interest rates, for example, fluctuate constantly, yet banks donTMt shut down in protest.
These economic policies affect all sectors, not just telecoms.
So why single out our industry?
Emoekpere told The PUNCH.He emphasised that while concerns about service quality are valid, expecting businesses to operate at a loss is unsustainable.If the goal is better service, letTMs have that discussion.
But resorting to actions that could disrupt the industry and the economy isnTMt the way forward, he added.[quote]The telecom executive further stated that telcos are solely focused on improving services that will be beneficial to subscribers and get value for their money.But speaking with The PUNCH, the Lagos State NLC Chairperson, Funmi Sessi, rejected the warnings from the NSCDC, making it clear that Labour would not be cowed by threats.No one can threaten us  no one!
This is about our commonwealth, our joint heritage.
Civil Defence officers are merely working for their pay, but they have no authority to dictate to us.
If necessary, we will shut down the electricity itself!
Who are they to tell us otherwise?
she declared.She further lambasted the security forces for attempting to intimidate workers, saying,Let them threaten all they want, nothing will stop us.
We know the song we how many people will the soldiers kill?
Even the police must remember to remain civil.
They cannot kill us all!
This tariff increment is too much.
I have been recharging and recharging of late.
N1,500 airtime doesn't last much any longer.
Something should be done about this ASAP
Another problemMay God save Nigerians from battles of increments on commodities
I'm scared   for this government, they are overconfident that the masses are a push over.The are all out on suffocating and obstructing the happiness, peace, and financial/food security of the Nigerian people with their obsessive and compulsive,obnoxious,vexatious, repulsive anti people impotent government policies.They should reassess their overzealous failed and baseless anti people policies.They are taxing the masses to loot and not to reinvest in the system because there are no positive effects being felt by the masses, rather  the masses are in painful and extremely dire distress full    situations  .It's not too late to change the narrative.
DonTMt let your village pipu catch up with you, donTMt let security agents use you for shooting practice.But the increase is too much, it MIST be reduced
Peter Obi and Sowore sponsored protests?For the interest of this country, it's high time the Federal Government gets these two people arrested.
Most especially that IPOB terrorist
This is unfairCHECK MY SIGNATURE AND GROW YOUR BUSINESS TODAY.
This is becoming like a joke in this country.
Everyone  does what ever he feels like doing without any reaction.
Will the security agents too not pay for the new tariffs?
Some of them will carry their problem and face the protesters.Goodluck to everyone
It's becoming clear that the FG is the enemy...You see that social media they've been dying to censor?.
this is how they want to achieve it, through the back door
Peter Obi and Sowore sponsored protests?For the interest of this country, it's high time the Federal Government gets these two people arrested.
Most especially that IPOB terroristFrustrated ZoneB who canTMt afford 2 square meal daily
Hh
I get paid to read.
I ain't reading that long epistle.
Nada
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
Bola Tinubu and Tax increment.
Nigerians should embrace peace as we are dying by the day.
Are You Looking for Highly Profitable Business Ideas with Little or No Capital?Worry no more!
Access in-depth guides that will transform these ideas into lucrative ventures....
Step-by-Step Guidance  Get detailed instructions on how to start, grow, and profit!
Get Your Copy Now!
Call or WhatsApp Us Now Check my profile or click on my profile link here    contact details!DonTMt miss this opportunity to start a business with little or no capital and achieve financial independence!
Never had we had it this bad under APC and dictatorial Thiefn00bu gestapo regime.
This increment is misguided and at the very wrong time, but it looks like this government knows that nothing will come of it.
And if anyone tries anything, they know what to do.May God have mercy on Nigeria and Nigerians.
Peter Obi and Sowore sponsored protests?For the interest of this country, it's high time the Federal Government gets these two people arrested.
It shall never be well with you.
Everlasting sorrow will never depart from you and your family from generation to generation.
You will seek for help and help will be far away from you.
All you've work for will vanish from you before your very eyes.
Peter Obi and Sowore sponsored protests?For the interest of this country, it's high time the Federal Government gets these two people arrested.
Most especially that IPOB terroristThe distance between earth to Neptune s closer than the distance between you to sense.
We are hitting the streets
Tinubu government is not for the people.
Peter Obi and Sowore sponsored protests?For the interest of this country, it's high time the Federal Government gets these two people arrested.
Most especially that IPOB terroristyou are a buffon,if you stay alone without  being  feed by ur parents  u will understand  the situation  people  are facing in this country.
Most of u come here to write trash thinking that everything  is a joke.
you are a buffon,if you stay alone without  being  feed by ur parents  u will understand  the situation  people  are facing in this country.
Most of u come here to write trash thinking that everything  is a joke.
What concine Sowore and Peter Obi in this.when nlc where calling for ridiculous minimum wage increase u didnt know this things will happen.Which country does the labor union dictate tariff to be set by a PRIVATE telecommunications company after close to 10 years without changes despite rising COST OF LIVING AND PRODUCTION .Hospitals use telecom also other vital sectors use them.
Peter Obi and Sowore sponsored protests?For the interest of this country, it's high time the Federal Government gets these two people arrested.
Will the security agents too not pay for the new tariffs?
Some of them will carry their problem and face the protesters.Goodluck to everyoneAfter the protest, they will use data and airtime for free.This corntree no well
Tragedy struck on Saturday at the Kpansia suburb of Yenagoa, Bayelsa State capital as a 16-Year-Old Boy took his own life.The incident, which occured in the morning hours on the popular Jasmine Road reportedly jolted residents of the usually serene settlement.It was learned that the deceased identified as Ayibanua Timipre, an indigene of Igbomotoru in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area, took his own life at his parentTMs residence.The deceased allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself on a ceiling fan.However the circumstances surrounding the unfortunate incident remained unclear as at press time.However, some local residents, who spoke anonymously, described Timipre as a well-liked and calm individual, known for his engagements in mobile mechanic training within the community.The lifeless body of the deceased was subsequently recovered by a team of police officers.The deceased, it was learned would have celebrated his 16th birthday on Sunday, February 16, 2025.The spokesman of the state police command, Musa Mohammed confirmed the tragic incident.
Mr Blogger, Reporting SAD NEWS In Yenagoa
This is terrible.
What a sad way to go
In a country where suicide has become trendy due to gloomy economic woes, the CDS actually attempted to fly 70 equally foolish people along with himself to Canada to watch a sporting event organized for wounded Army Veterans, ALL ON TAXPAYERS MONEY!!!May God bless the Canadian official whoTMs conscience wouldnTMt let him/her approve jamboree visas while people wallow in nail-biting poverty.
That knight in shiny armor decided to do his bit to ease the long suffering of Nigerians by stamping REJECTED on their visas!We hope other countries follow suit.Nigeria is for all of us, God bless Nigeria.
In a country where suicide has become trendy due to gloomy economic woes, the CDS actually attempted to fly 70 equally foolish people along with himself to Canada to watch a sporting event organized for wounded Army Veterans, ALL ON TAXPAYERS MONEY!!!May God bless the Canadian official whoTMs conscience wouldnTMt let him/her approve jamboree visasBeast u.Rugged caprisonEthics
Tinubu again!
A boy, just 16, ending his own lifea tragedy that leaves us asking why.
What weighed so heavily on his young mind?
Was it silent struggles, unseen pain, or a sense of hopelessness?At an age meant for dreams, he instead chose an irreversible path.
His birthday was just a day away.
Could a listening ear have made a difference?This is a wake-up call.
Many young minds battle in silence.
A kind word, a little attention, or simply asking, "Are you okay?" could save a life.Check  ...
OK ,The police should investigate properly ,something might be wrong somewhere ,Princess Faith Chukwu
rip ladCHECK MY SIGNATURE AND GROW YOUR BUSINESS TODAY.
I have a teenage relative who once threatened to take her life for being scolded.
Calm.
Well liked.Most probably an introvert.Things weigh heavily on introverts.In addition,  they find it hard to express their feelings.I pray a girl wasn't involved in his confusion...
And there is the young boy becoming a man Timipre Anyibanua.
What a story!
16!
What were you doing when you were 16?
Bulaba could be his grand father.
Young and innovative maybe just the beginning for Nigeria as it keeps spiraling down
NawaI'm still wondering what could be the reason that a 16yr old would commit suicide when he still has parents to depend on for survival.It can't be heartbreak from a girl.
No.He wasn't a gambler I presume
Hope he isn't sport bets gambling?
Beast u.Rugged caprisonEthicsSalutamus!Beast ur spirit SOB
The corpse should be taken to Aso rock so that the occupant will believe that Nigerians are undergoing hellPolicy of destruction is evil
country.
And they put him in a police truck?
This is really sad.
Painful!What could possibly caused this action of taking his own life?Saner clime would investigate thoroughly to unravel the misery behind this.
Not speculations made by people
Oh why?
Was he breakfasted by another Gen z baddie during the valentine?
At 16?!!!!!AhhhIt's well
They have given him an assignment he couldn't carryout....
16 years old?
I believe he was being blackmailed.
And as a child he could open up to anyone.
A priest of the Catholic Diocese of Awka, Anambra State, whose name was given as Rev.
Fr Jude Muokwe, has allegedly beaten up a 50-Year-Old Widow, Mrs Ikeorah Maureen.The priest was said to have used a whip on the widow, flogging her mercilessly and inflicting multiple injuries on her in the process.A Video of the widow, which is already trending on social media, showed the primary school teacher crying like a baby, and displaying bodily injuries inflicted on her by the priest.The widow is said to be from Ifitedunu community in Dunukofia LGA and also a teacher in Angel Primary School, Ifitedunu, a school said to be owned and managed by the Catholic mission.Though the real cause of the incident has not been ascertained, DAILY POST gathered thatthe widow and some other staff of the school were meeting in one of the classrooms in the school over salary increment, which they planned to pass to the management, when the priest came into the classroom and flogged her mercilessly, to the amazement of everyone.When DAILY POST reached out to the priest, Rev Fr Jude Muokwe, to ascertain what truly happened,the priest did not deny the allegation.
He simply said he would not like to comment on the matter.I cannot speak to you, I canTMt speak especially to someone I do not know about this matter,the priest said in a sober tone.
Mr Blogger, Reporting This Flogging In Anambra
If this story is true then he is wrong.I pray and hope help comes her wayHe can talk to her in polite manner why he can't increase her salary at the moment.
The same state filled with numerous billionaires
I love how all this low budget bloggers are now learning to use the right words in headlines.
The worst thing to happen to any creature is to be a woman in Igboland.If the Governor is not hunting ladies without bra, the religious leaders are flogging widows and jn-laws are shaving the heads of widows.
.We must rise above half-baked stories to look inwards.
We need the full story, however he got no right over her
I would have suggested that the Elders in the State should meet and discuss, but I just realised that such things doesn't exist in Igbo land, everybody here is independent and behaving as they liked, which is wrong for a society.A Priest flogging a woman and a teacher in his employ is a criminal offence.
THIS IS REALLY BADCHECK MY SIGNATURE AND GROW YOUR BUSINESS TODAY.
I used to think the yorubas give too much of respect to their pastors until I was posted to enugu for Nysc.
I was shocked to see their Rev.
father flogged ss3 students on the assembly irrespective of whether you were part of the issue or not.
It was not a small flogging but a serious one.
I was was so pissed that day that I went back home right from the assembly.
In the evening some of the boys came to our lodge and I asked them why would a Pastor come to school to flog students they told me that's how they do there.
I told them if any pastor tries that in ibadan he won't sleep in his house that day.
A land full of billionaires...
yet they kill themselves for food.Note this.
Anyone still living in SE is poor, hungry and hopeless.The well-to-do run off to SW.
Ask Peter Obi who fled to Lagos after 8 years of governance or Obiano who ran away to Texas on the first night bus
Okay oo
Watch The Video As Obtained By NC BLOG -
Jjn
The kind of news coming from Anambra state lately is worrisome
His bishop should take disciplinary action against him if it is true.
Another one from the billionaires geng 1
DONT BE USELESS IN THIS EARLY MONDAY MORNING.The worst thing to happen to any creature is to be a woman in Igboland.If the Governor is not hunting ladies without bra, the religious leaders are flogging widows and jn-laws are shaving the heads of widows.
.We must rise above half-baked stories to look inwards.
We need the full story, however he got no right over herWhich full story gives him the right to flog a woman and much more a widow.
The only reason you have taken the position of full story is because it is one so called Rev Father  if the title was Pastor you would have been foaming from both sides of your mouthHe should count himself lucky the woman doesnTMt have grown children or family me,bees who donTMt give a rats hit about cassock and head but one of his eyes
DONT BE USELESS IN THIS EARLY MONDAY MORNING.Ask yourself if anyone from your side can come out today.Useless cowardly people hiding under the bed every Monday
.We must rise above half-baked stories to look inwards.
We need the full story,You must be Igbo.You are the only ones who justify ill treatment of people.Your men do it to your women and Igbo women do it to children.
I used to think the yorubas give too much of respect to their pastors until I was posted to enugu for Nysc.
I was shocked to see their father flogged ss3 students on the assembly irrespective of whether you were part of the issue or not.
It was not a small flogging but a serious one.
I was was so pissed that day that I went back home right from the assembly.
In the evening some of the boys came to our lodge and I asked them why would a Pastor come to school to flog students they told me that's how they do there.
I told them if any pastor tries that in ibadan he won't sleep in his house that day.Pastor or father .
The woman must have committed something bad that the priest wouldn't like to disclose to the press to save her face but Mr Blogger is seriously looking for money.
The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control, NAFDAC, has evacuated 140 tonnes of expired and unregistered drugs from Aba to its office in Anambra.Mr Omoyeni Babatunji, the Deputy Director in charge of Investigation and Enforcement, NAFDAC Federal Taskforce, South South and South East states, disclosed this on Saturday.Babatunji, while briefing newsmen about the agencyTMs operations in Aba, said more than 178 drug samples drawn from the operation would be subjected to laboratory investigation.He said the 140 tonnes of expired drugs were evacuated from a warehouse in Umummeje, Umuocheala in Osisioma Local Government Area, which excludes products from the Ariaria International Market drug shops.Babatunji told newsmen that two warehouses located on No.
269, Sam Mbakwe Road, formerly FaulkTMs Road, Aba, filled with expired drugs had also been uncovered.He said staff of the agency found that the suspects took away some cartons of the expired but re-labelled drugs after they uncovered the place and went to bring in security.The NAFDAC deputy director who took newsmen round the two freshly uncovered warehouses of expired products, said the evacuation of the drugs in them would start on Saturday evening.He noted that recent discoveries of expired products being re-labelled and sent to markets has renewed the urgent call for a drug warehouse Wholesale Control Centre, CWC in Aba.He said this activity is a drive toward the achievement of Wholesale Control Centres, CWCs, as NAFDAC is now on ML3 or what we call Maturity Level 3 of the World Health Organisation, WHO."All these our activities are derived from global benchmarking tools for regulatory activities and coordinated warehouse system is part of it so we can regulate and control those drugs.And NAFDAC has been engaging state governors of Abia and Anambra, where those centres are located, pushing for the establishment of the CWC warehouse system..
Nlfpmod
except propaganda and initial Gra graReality over useless propaganda
CEMETERY road
NAFDAC should carry headquarters to south east for improved service delivery
Some billionaires will soon become thousandnaires with the rate NAFDAC have been bursting
These guys are out to kill, no matter how much hate you have for your country.
That side and fake/expired drugs are like 5&6.
IPOBIDIENTS  nor go see us/our family  kpaiAmen.TM34
CEMENTRY road
Is good  NAFDAC doing a great job..only that they will end up reselling same drugs to same people  or highest biddersNigeria under APC is just going in circle ..
except propaganda and initial Gra graReality over useless propaganda@ Not everyone is this heartless
At this junction, without any more argument, I support the motion which says Biafra should go.
God save Nigerians from Biafrans
OKAYCHECK MY SIGNATURE AND GROW YOUR BUSINESS TODAY.
OK ,not just drugs ,other products should be checked too ,this is wickedness ,,and they will increase Prices too ,Princess Faith Chukwu
You see their malnourished youth telling us their net worth is 400billion dollars!
The headquarter of impure wealth is southeast!
Which kind wickedness this Abia people are really exhibited.
This Igbo tribe go kill innocent people because of their greed.
Imagine recirculating expired drugs,by the time Biafra is giving to them they will kill each other with fake drugs
except propaganda and initial Gra graReality over useless propagandaLooking for excuses to defend your Ipob brothers and fake products merchants.
I heard Obi was defending them in Anambra.
You see their malnourish youth telling us their net worth is 400billion dollars!
The headquarter of impure wealth is southeast!Cry me, cry me,
Substantial productsdrug , cereals, beverages , carbonate drinks, soap,body cream , insecticide, body spray , wine ,Table wateri have used all those listedyou will be Marvel .
This is bad to humanity so many internal organs are gone without knowingYou need to find a right store or malt to buy real brand
We should increase the budget of NAFDAC.
They're not even safe anywhere in this country.
Akunyili, of blessed memory,  didn't have it good with the fake drug people.
Is this the fault of Tinubu or Buhari?
It shows we are generally evil people and even if we elect good leaders, we cannot be redeemed.
We need a MILITARY LEADER like Gaddafi to whip our asses to obedience and back to common sense.
We have really missed it.
Cursed people
except propaganda and initial Gra graReality over useless propagandaYou not mentally stable
Cursed people
Especially in Lagos .
...70 % of milk , baby food , soft drinks and other consumables are fake or expired
The Nigeria Police Force has neutralised seven suspected members of the Eastern Security Network (ESN), the armed wing of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), in two separate operations in Imo State.The operations, carried out on February 8 and 9, 2025, reportedly led to the recovery of a cache of weapons, including eight AK-47 rifles, 14 pump-action guns, and assorted ammunition.According to a statement released on Sunday by Police Force spokesperson ACP Olumuyiwa Adejobi,the first operation targeted an IPOB/ESN camp in Ezioha Mbaitolu, within the Umuele Umuaka Njaba Local Government Area (LGA).Adejobi explained that security operatives, working in collaboration with other agencies, stormed the hideout, neutralising two suspected ESN kingpins and recovering seven AK-47 rifles, 13 pump-action guns, and hundreds of live rounds.He said the operation successfully dismantled the camp, dealing a major blow to the groupTMs activities in the region.He said, "As a follow-up, police operatives moved to Nkwukwo Forest in Mbaitoli LGA, at the boundary with Ubachima Forest in Awomama Oru West LGA, on February 9.
Upon arrival, the security team encountered armed terrorists who opened fire.
In the ensuing gun battle, three additional ESN kingpins were neutralised."The police recovered two AK-47 rifles, each loaded with 36 rounds of live ammunition, one pump-action gun, four motorcycles, a cutlass, and various criminal charms used by the suspects.Meanwhile, in another operation, on February 14, 2025, unknown armed men invaded Gobiraje Village in Suru LGA of Kebbi Stateand kidnapped one Umaru Bawa 'm' aged 60 yrs.
Adejobi reported that police operatives from the Kebbi State Command received the report and subsequently tracked the suspects to Tundafari Forest in the Dakingari area of the state, where they engaged in a fierce gunfight."Consequently, 4 of the kidnappers were neutralised and 1 arrested with fatal injuries while the kidnapped victim was rescued unhurt.The operatives also recovered the cash sum of Three Million Naira (N3,000,000) already paid to the kidnappers as ransom," he said.Adejobi noted that the Inspector-General of Police IGP, Kayode Adeolu Egbetokun, Ph.D., NPM, has commended the brave efforts of the operatives involved and emphasised the need for continued vigilance in the fight against crime.He said the IGP has called for increased intelligence gathering, community engagement, and prompt reporting of suspicious activities by citizens.Nlfpmod
Some people aren't happy with this good news
This is very commendable from the police, police should hurry up and kill other terrorists please
Can the same proactiveness be deployed by the police to fight Boko haram?
It is sad that the army has to clean up the mess that the Nigerian police created in Borno state.It should be recalled that the Nigerian army arrested Yusuf, the original founder of Boko haram and handed him in cuffs over to the police.
A few days later, the police killed him claiming he exchanged fire with them.
They initially focused on policemen as targets.Boko haram as we know it would have fizzled out long ago if Yusuf had not been killed.
The question is, why was he killed?
Whose secret would Yusuf have exposed that necessitated his death in custody?
Some people aren't happy with this good newsAnd some people are happy not knowing it's all lies and propaganda
But the time Soludo and the government is done cleansing Anambra, there won't be any youth again
Kill them all
The Esn no get dead body?Audio ESN
When are they extraditing Simon Ekpa back to Nigeria?please we want to check something
OkkIf you want to travel abroad but do not have the required bank balance to process your visa application, kindly check my profile.
This is great news.We can't live with those people in Igboland.
I can bet all their so-called wo-MEN are hiding under the bed,  today MondayTinubu should send a Yoruba man to give them balls .We already give their yamleggrs that.
Finish them all
Okay ooo
If this government is serious about ridding Imo State of those criminals, it just needs 6 months to achieve that.
Mobilize uniformed men and comb the forests and thick bushes in the state.
Within 6 months, you'll clear all those fools.
How some people still support criminality in the name of ethnicity still baffles me.
Cannibalistic igborilla
It is not ESN!They're abokina!Alaigbo cannibals!
The Federal Government has called on the United States to adhere to international conventions when repatriating Nigerian immigrants, ensuring their dignity and allowing them time to settle personal affairs before deportation.Concerns Over Deportation of NigeriansMinister of State for Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Bianca Odumegwu-Ojukwu, made this appeal during a meeting with US Ambassador to Nigeria, Richard Mills Jr., at her office in Abuja.She expressed concerns over reports that 201 Nigerians were currently held in US immigration camps, with 85 already cleared for deportation."We urge the United States to respect international repatriation protocols and ensure that affected Nigerians have the opportunity to retrieve their assets and return with dignity," she stated.Ambassador Odumegwu-Ojukwu further emphasized the importance of fair treatment, particularly for those who have not committed any criminal offenses.Visa Policy and Nigerian Students in the USThe minister also urged the US government to reconsider any plans to suspend the Drop Box Visa System, which many Nigerians rely on for easy visa renewal.
This Bianca lady is trying.
Legendhero...Why is Abike Dabiri crying?
Legendhero...Why is Abike Dabiri crying?Stop all these sentiment whipping tactics.
......and what can NIgeria government do?
Bianca too like to snap pictures.Her response sound more matured and better than those lazy South American leaders that sound as if they hate their own citizens.
You should rather be preparing on how to receive the pending deportees.What plans do you have for them?
Nigeria government should just sanction usa government.
okayCHECK MY SIGNATURE AND GROW YOUR BUSINESS TODAY.
You Nigeria, do you follow due process in anything you do??
From now on..
Nigeria should learn how to secure it's borders.
Government should have all information of who and who enter and leave the country.
Nigerian type of due process is bunch of corruption, America under trump is a no nonsense government, if you dnt have documents on your stay in America you re going home or be dumped in the pacific
That is best thing to do they will suffer.Nigeria government should just sanction usa government.
I
Nigeria government should just sanction usa government.
Yoruba majorMalaysia..
sameIndia ..
sameSaudi..
sameNow USA..
Haba!!!Uk..
I urge US government not to listen to anything that comes for Tinubu's government
They didn't follow protocol before overstaying their visas.
Ship them back home ASAP.
Stop all these sentiment whipping tactics.When e reach Yoruba..
Ydint we have Americans to deport from Nigeria y only us deporting Nigerians?
I urge US government not to listen to anything that comes for Tinubu's governmentNo government listens to the Yoruba governmentA government that pays other leaders to visit their countryVery funny and anyhow humans
No government listens to the Yoruba governmentA government that pays other leaders to visit their countryVery funny and anyhow humans
Funny enough!
..we dont get due process on screwing us daily by the same government people ..
Legendhero...Why is Abike Dabiri crying?Clown
Let them deport themMost are probably on social media wailing and crying until they need the Nigerian govt.
It's will be a nice thing
If there is something I like about Tinubu ehn ....I like tr way he puts Southwest first esp Lagos.
Buhari started this nepotism and it will continue till they kingdom come.
Nice one Mr President
Now that right there is visionary thinking, well done Mr President
Admiral Tinubu.
Quietly lobbying for South West....
and he just might get it.Someone who OPENLY mocked a sitting President for crying after serial losses.When DemDem worship North shouting " Fear North " all the time.
Okay then
If there is something I like about Tinubu ehn ....I like tr way he puts Southwest first esp Lagos.
Buhari started this nepotism and it will continue till they kingdom come.
They will lose easily.In this sort of international contest, the President has to put Nigeria's best foot forward, and that is Lagos.Lagos is not even guaranteed to win.Many countries may prefer Accra (more central in the West African region) , or Abidjan which is more livable than Lagos.
Why must it be in Lagos?Calabar is better located for this position, but we know everything must be sited in Tinubu's Lagos
Having the HQ in Lagos or not is of no importance, all that matters is that the Gulf is peaceful and calm.
I guess you are hoping to bring to Anambra right.If there is something I like about Tinubu ehn ....I like tr way he puts Southwest first esp Lagos.
Buhari started this nepotism and it will continue till they kingdom come.
How is this nepotism......
Ask Gooogle
I guess you are hoping to bring to Anambra right..,.
Ask Google
If there is something I like about Tinubu ehn ....I like tr way he puts Southwest first esp Lagos.
Buhari started this nepotism and it will continue till they kingdom come.
Marine lagos is the most qualified
Oh sorry but your region is landlocked..,.
Ask Google
Hmmmm
People who lack accountability and transparency who dont follow best practices as standard cannot lead or achieve anything meaningful anywhere.
If there is something I like about Tinubu ehn ....I like tr way he puts Southwest first esp Lagos.
Buhari started this nepotism and it will continue till they kingdom come.
Why not host the Headquarters in Portharcourt?You concentrate all the headquarters in Lagos and tomorrow you begin to shout IGR and VAT up and downThis is why Lagos is a no man's land
okp*lor eyes is nothing but an undiluted criminal and a tribalist.He is packing everything to the sw, so that when everyone goes apart, he can save face with the yorubas.
This hq he is talking about, is like a sea protection for the sw.
He might even use them for offensive against the SE.
He is a failed so called leader.
Are You Looking for Highly Profitable Business Ideas with Little or No Capital?Worry no more!
Access in-depth guides that will transform these ideas into lucrative ventures....
Step-by-Step Guidance  Get detailed instructions on how to start, grow, and profit!
Get Your Copy Now!
Call or WhatsApp Us Now Check my profile or click on my profile link here    contact details!DonTMt miss this opportunity to start a business with little or no capital and achieve financial independence!
Now that right there is visionary thinking, well done Mr Presidentlol
Nigeria 3 first
If there is something I like about Tinubu ehn ....I like tr way he puts Southwest first esp Lagos.
Buhari started this nepotism and it will continue till they kingdom come.
For context, there is serious piracy in the Gif of Guinea.
The world successfully battled the Somalian pirates and it looks the GoG became the next hot zone.
The Bureau NewspaperThis is commendable by the able president.
Admiral Tinubu.
Quietly lobbying for South West....
and he just might get it.Someone who OPENLY mocked a sitting President for crying after serial losses.When DemDem worship North shouting " Fear North " all the time.
Emilokan.
The Director General of the Bureau for Public Enterprises, Ayodeji Gbeleyi, on Friday, revealed that Delta Steel Company, valued at over $700m, was sold for $30m.Gbeleyi stated this while interfacing with the House of Representatives Committee on Public Assets in Abuja.A company worth $700m was sold for just $30m, he said, noting that under the Federal GovernmentTMs privatisation policy, 80 per cent of Delta Steel Company in Aladja, Delta State, was sold to Global Infrastructure Nigeria Ltd in 2005, while the government retained a 20 per cent stake.He explained that residential buildings and land owned by the company were used to settle workers and pensioners.After privatisation, the company reportedly used Delta Steel CompanyTMs assets as collateral for a loan from Ecobank.The BPE DG further revealed that due to non-performance, the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria acquired the assets in 2015 and sold them to Premium Steel and Mines Ltd.He accused AMCON of failing to seek clarification from BPE before selling the assets, stressing that while BPE was aware of the loan from Ecobank, it had no knowledge of three other banks listed by AMCON as creditors.The petitioners, including the Association of Concerned Residents of Camp 2, 4 and 5 of Delta Steel Company, Aladja, Warri, before the involvement of AMCON and Premium Steel and Mines in DSC assets, had been staying in the estate and plots of land which were used to settle them in line with contractual agreement.The petitioners claimed that they have been under constant intimidation and harassment by police and Army personnel since 2015, claiming to be acting on the instructions from AMCON and Premium Steel and Mines to vacate the estates.Speaking on behalf of the petitioners, Dr David Emomotimi and Richardson Osifor, said the assets AMCON acquired were assets used as collateral by Global Infrastructure Nigeria Ltd to obtain a loan from Ecobank which did not in any way include the residential buildings.Osifor said from the contract agreement and information at the Corporate Affairs Commission, the loan Global Infrastructure Nigeria Ltd obtained from Ecobank was N250m but AMCOM jacked it up to N7bn.In their submission, the representatives of AMCON, Chukwuemeka Umunakwu (AMCON legal unit), said AMCON acquired the assets of DSC used as collateral to obtain loans from four banks to prevent them from collapsing.He said AMCON acquired the assets at N22bn but sold it to Premium Steel and Mines at N32bn.Responding to the inquiry by the committee whether the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation has the receipt of payments by both BPE and AMCON in respect of sales of Delta Steel CompanyTMs assets, the representative of AGF, Kabiru Ademola (Director, Finance) acknowledged receipt of N3bn in favour of BPE in respect of sales of 80 per cent of DSC assets to Global Infrastructure Nigeria Ltd.He stated that the AGF is yet to get any response from Central Bank of Nigeria regarding claim of payment of N32bn by AMCON in respect of DSC assets to Premium Steel and Mines Ltd.According to him, though AMCON claimed the money was paid to the Federation Account (TSA), the agency was unable to provide proof of payment to the committee.In his submission, Managing Director/CEO of the Ministry of Finance Incorporated, Dr.
Armstrong Takang, said though MOFI oversees the management of assets and investments in the country, the agency withdrawn from the issue of Delta Steel Company as a result of many controversies.He said, If our forefathers who were less exposed and less educated would build such infrastructure and maintaining it by our contemporary leaders LovePeddler are more exposed and educated than them will be a problem, I wonder what will be the future of the country.Chairman of the Committee, Ademorin Kuye (APC, Lagos), said the committee whose mandate includes oversight over the use, management and disposal of all Federal Government assets within and outside the country decided to probe the purported sales of the Delta Steel Company and the controversies surrounding its acquisition by AMCON.The committee directed AMCON and Premium Steel and Mines to desist from harassing the residents of the estate in Delta Steel Company untill the investigation is concluded.
Ask the man how he got the value to be $700m in 2005 and heTMll blab.
All these happened under "Saint Obasanjo" who is now claiming to have the best of Nigeria at heart.
Obasanjo had the opportunity to transform Nigeria, both as a military and civilian president but didn't, projects worth hundreds and billions of dollars were sold off for peanuts under Obasanjo, he blames Atiku and Atiku blames him until the sudden "reconciliation" in order to grab power, the foundations of lawlessness, abuse of human rights, disobedience to court orders, corruption were laid by Obasanjo, APC only consolidated these evil foundations laid by Obasanjo, fortunately, Obasanjo and PDP are also suffering with innocent Nigerians
Arrest those who sold the Delta steel company at ridiculous amount
12TM
My COUNTRY!!!!
Damn!
Who sold it
Arrest those who sold the Delta steel company at ridiculous amounthey boy, it's Monday morning.
so what rubbish and nonsense are you defending today?
Ask the man how he got the value to be $700m in 2005 and heTMll blab.Ever been to Aladja?
May be it was sold on clearance sales,But was there no valuations process, or bidding process because things like this are meant to be presented to the general public as auction and then allow people to bid ,Government may be running promo sales like meJust like I do sell some gadgets on clearance sales at unbelievable prices, you should take a look at my previous post for example
By the time you realize you are stealing from your future to flex today you will relax by the time you realize you are burning your own house to feel warm it will be too late
G
Obasanjo/Atiku root source of Nigeria modern problems
Mxnd
Which president sold it for the amounts?
hey boy, it's Monday morning.
so what rubbish and nonsense are you defending today?Who is this?
And the 30million dollars will be siphoned by them cronies
Obasanjo/Atiku root source of Nigeria modern problemsAtiku was the Chairman of the National Economic Council and head of the National Council on Privatization, overseeing the sale of hundreds of loss-making and poorly managed public enterprises alongside Nasir El Rufai.They sold the entire steel industry to the Indians for peanuts and bribes.
Ask the man how he got the value to be $700m in 2005 and heTMllHow much do you think Obasanjo sold 1004 estate to his friend?
And Transcorp Hotel to his girlfriend?
Panel indicts ex-Gov Obaseki, LG chairmen, PDP leaders for alleged mismanage of N96bn Council fund.The administrative panel of inquiry set up by the Edo State Governor, Monday Okpebholo to investigate the financial accounts of the impeached 18 Local Government Chairmen in the state between September 4, 2023 and November, 2024 has allegedly indicted the immediate past Governor of the State, Godwin Obaseki.DAILY POST reports that a statement made available to newsmen on Sunday by Fred Itua, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor also allegedly indicted some local government chairmen, leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, among others.The chairman of the panel, Solomon Imohiosen while submitting the report to Governor Monday Okpebholo, alleged that they were indicted for either mismanaging and/or diverting to private accounts, the sum of N95,080,676,687.86, being amount received from the Joint Allocation Account Committee, JAAC, by the 18 Local Government Area Chairmen for the period under review.Imohiosen listed some of the indicted persons to include the embattled chairman of Orhionmwon Local Government, Newman Ugiagbe who is also the State chairman of the Association of Local Government of Nigeria, ALGON.Others are Ahonsi Ogiegbaen Osifo, Eric Agbonmwanre, Abraham Burma and Dickson Imasogie Notiemwenmwan.He alleged that the ALGON chairman used his hotel, the Demarriots Hotels Limited in collusion with others to loot Local Government funds.He further alleged that findings and forensic investigations uncovered that the N96 billion was either mismanaged and/or diverted to private accounts.According to him, the panel observed that N95,080,676,687.86 was received from the Joint Allocation Account Committee, JAAC, by the 18 Local Government Area Chairmen for the period under investigation.
However, the funds were not judiciously utilized as no meaningful projects were on the ground to justify the amount received.The panel established a case of fraudulent diversion of Local Government funds to political godfathers in the state.
It was discovered that over N10,433 658,452.00 billion was fraudulently siphoned, using the pseudo name, Security, Environment and Training.The 18 Local Government Area Chairmen contributed the amount to the account, using it as a conduit pipe to drain government resources, as monies were transferred from there to various individuals and companies.The panelTMs investigation uncovered significant irregularities in the financial activities of the 18 Local Governments Councils.
The recommendations outlined in the report aim to address these issues and promote transparency and accountability in the Local Governments finances.The report indicted former ALGON chairman, Oghomwen Newman Ugiagbe, who used his hotel, Demarriots Hotels Limited, Ahonsi Ogiegbaen Osifo, Eric Agbonmwanre, Abraham Burma and Dickson Imasogie Notiemwenmwan to loot Local Government funds, he alleged.Imohiosen, however, noted that the panel faced different challenges during the course of the assignment, which included late submission of financial records by various Local Government Councils, incomplete submission of records.Other challenges, he listed are deliberate obstruction of the investigation by Council personnel who failed to comply on time, but brought hefty sacks as an after-thought to dazzle panel members.In his remarks after receiving the committeeTMs report, Governor Okpebholo vowed that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, would prosecute those indicted for allegedly looting the Local Government treasuries, running into over N95 billion.Okpebholo, who said, he would personally petition the EFCC on the findings of the report for immediate prosecution, assured that he would go after those indicted to retrieve what they have stolen from the people of Edo State.I want to thank you for a job well done.
I carefully listened to the submission of the report.
The truth is that the administration of former governor Godwin Obaseki took Edo people for granted.
They took everything belonging to Edo people and channeled it for their personal gains.We thank God for helping us to change the narrative to benefit Edo people.
We also thank the President of Nigeria, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, because without his support, we will not be witnessing the kind of development we are experiencing in Edo today.A lot has happened.
The Peoples Democratic Party looted the treasury of the Local Governments and stole our collective patrimony, and nobody went after them or took action.
I will personally take this document to the EFCC and ensure that justice is done for this wrong done to Edo people.Besides the impeached Local Government Chairmen who were indicted by the report, former governor Godwin Obaseki, leaders of the factional Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), among others, were also fingered.The days of financial recklessness and lack of transparency in public office were long over, as Nigerians need to start demanding accountability from elected public office holders.
This is the only way to fight corruption and ensure development, he said.DAILY POST recalls that Governor Okpebholo had on December 18, 2024 set up the Administrative Panel of Enquiry to investigate the financial dealings of the impeached 18 Local Government Chairmen in Edo State.
Hmmm
Lol
I knew that the present administrator will be on his case.
Good luck to him.
I feel for my dear state , because I know the tribunal will not be allow to give the rightful owner is victory  .
inec should deregister PDP as a political partyLook how stup!d you sound .
If Inec should deregister PDP, what happens to the useless Apc ?
Obaseki that behaves like commando that year has been runnings helter skelter since his tenure ended as a governor hope.
inec should deregister PDP as a political partyif they deregister PDP what will happen to APC
Yet, Peter obi and his retards supported him running away!
Lol, I know they'll try but all these are allegations and it's invalid.
Obaseki that behaves like commando that year has been runnings helter skelter since his tenure ended as a governor hope.
inec should deregister PDP as a political partyAnd register blood sucking ZoneB party APC?
What did you expect?
It certainly would be so.Panels must be set up to prove the previous administrations, as is the practice.
This way, supporters would see them as saints and new messiahs.Meanwhile the same new government would embark on a systematic and well calculated embezzlement of public funds in their tenure.We are awaiting the courts.
Obaseki is ugly both in and out
Nigerian politics is the devil's game
I feel for my dear state , because I know the tribunal will not be allow to give the rightful owner is victory  .Okpebholo is the rightful winner
Lol, I know they'll try but all these are allegations and it's invalid.How is it invalid
Nigerian politics is the devil's gameThe tribunal case is dead
inec should deregister PDP as a political partySo you are believing propaganda party Apc rules with lies
Obaseki remain the best governor that have rule Edo state
See iron bender sorry INEC select that has not speak in public for once to tell the public in detail what are his plans and how he intends to fulfils his vision in government is spreading lies in an attempt to commissions Gov.
ObasekiTMs project to mark 100 days in office.May God Edo people from the hands of this clown and the thugs he has brought back to the streets of Benin harassing innocent traders and motorists before his shot stay at Dennis Osadebe Avenue end.
Nigerian politics is the devil's gameLike how Obi won in the tribunal.
Asue has no case.
He was among the people who defrauded Edo state through Afri invest.
Who set up the panel, what was the yardstick and criteria used in setting up the panel?Bunch of jokers.
Obaseki that behaves like commando that year has been runnings helter skelter since his tenure ended as a governor hope.
Honestly, I knew he would have problems when they walked him out of the INEC offices and he was looking so defeated and powerless.He is yet to return to Benin after his tenure (which we all knew would happen), I actually expected him to be in Lagos by now, Godwin is apparently still in the US all this while, the fear of EFCC is the beginning of wisdom.Come and drag artefacts now Nogheghase, ohionba.Spokeman of Efcc Weldon
Ready to work together as we did for four years.
With your convictions and mine.
With respect and ambition.
For more peace and prosperity.Macron said it was an honor to host Trump in December, when he visited Paris to witness the reopening of the Notre Dame Cathedral.
Lol
wow
Hmmm
Trump is here to sanitize the middle east and Europe.
Chill little Macron, chill.
to discuss Ukraine, not Trump, FreeStuffsNG and misinformation is inseparable.
Clowns
How do u come together to discuss the Leader of the free world??Does Macron want to have problem in his life?
Mr Trump remains the greatest threat to global peace.
The question has to be asked, if a president were a Russian asset, what would he do differently than Mr.
Trump?
You'd be hard pressed to find an answer.Every policy position Mr Trump has, seems to benefit Russia in some way.
It is alarming that for the first time in over 80 years, the leaders of Europe are having to meet over concerns about the United States president.There is no purpose, no reasonably thought out objective, no tact nor plan to any of Mr Trumps actions or words.
Just plain undistilled chaos.
Chaos that seeks to upend decades of established global order and hegemony in pursuit of nothing other than the base and primordial desires of the russian lackey in the white house.
To discuss Trump as their what?
They should discuss the proxy war in Ukraine and how they're going to sponsor it now that Trump is not ready to burn American taxpayers money on it.
How do u come together to discuss the Leader of the free world??Does Macron want to have problem in his life?
The way trump is abusing power and making so much enemies, he may not complete his tenure
Nothing meaningful.
TheyTMre just grasping at the last straw.
Europe canTMt stand without America.
ThatTMs the only superpower supporting them.
is a weak, pro-islamist leader who has single-handedly delivered france into the hands of the jihadi migrants.He should go and rest.
Because Trump is acting like a very erratic.He wants to annex CanadaHe wants to buy GreenlandHe wants to evic Gazans and turn their home into real estateAny one will wonder where those things are coming from....Lol why are u pained?
....
He can Fckin do anything he wants.
That's the perks that comes with when u are the leader of the world.
macron overrates himself, whose he?
What has he done about ending the war in Ukraine all this while?
Visionary leaders having progressive discussion.
You can't find Tinubu in such gathering.
What do you mean "world leaders", shebe "the world" stops at Europe borders.All these supposed intelligent people acting delusionalAmericans think when we "World, Earth" we mean USA.Europeans too think the "World" stops at EuropeI guest to them Africa, Asia, South America and the rest of the world are Alien worlds.
to discuss Ukraine, not Trump, FreeStuffsNG and misinformation is inseparable.Go and read second bolded paragraph, learn how to read and understand ok.
Trust me.
Nothing meaningful.
TheyTMre just grasping at the last straw.
Europe canTMt stand without America.
ThatTMs the only superpower supporting them.Y does Trump want to end Ukraine war with Russia holding on the annex Ukraine regions..Yet in gaza he sat all he'll should let loose.
Trump is gonna have problems both at home and abroad.Too many hasty decisions not well thought out.
....Lol why are u pained?
....
He can Fckin do anything he wants.
That's the perks that comes with when u are the leader of the world.Of course!It is entertaining when a mad man is dancing to drums beat by people like you
Trump is absolutely going rogue.
Putin is pulling Trump seriously because why have such negotiations and Euro not included,it's absolutely wrong and sends bad signals.
They want to hold meeting on top Trump's head like a recalcitrant child.
Donald Trumpet is back to give people sleepless nights.From wanting to steal Greenland's territory, to trying to reclaim Panama Canal.
Very troublesome president!
He reminds of OBJ.
quote author=whytediamond post=134174572]Trump is here to sanitize the middle east and Europe.
Chill little Macron, chill.[/quote]
Their dependence is based on US power.
You think without US Ukraine will be Russia by now.
Binance Bribery Opposition leaders defend RibaduTMs integrity as Gambaryan insists on accusations.The opposition leaders said Mr Ribadu is a man of integrity and incapable of the allegations levelled against him.Two outspoken members of opposition groups in Nigeria have expressed support for National Security Adviser Nuhu Ribadu, following a series of allegations levelled against him by BinanceTMs head of financial crime, Tigran Gambaryan.The opposition leaders said Mr Ribadu is a man of integrity and incapable of the allegations levelled against him.On Friday, Mr Gambaryan accused the NSA of seeking to personally benefit from NigeriaTMs dispute with Binance.Ribadu emphasised that he wanted billions in payouts to fund his future political ambition, Mr Gambaryan said.The crypto firmTMs official also claimed that Mr Ribadu hired a US law firm to negotiate his release from detention while in Nigerian custody but the move failed due to their incompetence and greed.Mr Gambaryan, who was detained and tried in Nigeria for several months, made these allegations on Friday in a series of post on X.Mr Ribadu has not reacted to the allegations.
He also challenged the Binance official to undergo a lie detector test in a neutral country if believes the claims he has made.It is exhausting to witness individuals repeatedly dragging NigeriaTMs name through the mud with baseless accusations and fabricated evidence, Mr Murray-Bruce said.He said individuals like Mr Gambaryan must be decisively dealt with, ensuring that such reckless fabrications are not only exposed but also serve as a warning to other deceitful actors who seek to undermine Nigeria.In his reaction, a former PDP member and counsel to various opposition groups, Deji Adeyanju, said he believes the allegations against Mr Ribadu are politically sponsored lies.
He said some politicians feel threatened that Mr Ribadu has an ambition to be NigeriaTMs president.
Ribadu will never steal $1, Mr Adeyanju said.No More CommentOn Saturday, Mr Gambaryan said he is not going to provide more commentary on his Nigerian experience.I donTMt want to see my kids cry because ITMm not around.
I donTMt want to see videos of my 75-year-old mother on television in tears.
I donTMt want to see my wife crying on TV.
I want to put this nightmare behind me and move on, he said.The Binance official was released in October 2024 following the intervention of the US government.
The Nigerian government also dropped charges against him.
He will be on the ballot, come 2031
They should investigate thoroughly, no Nigerian Politician is without filth
Hatchet jobIs it Ben Bruce friend of the house that is oppositionOr cashivist,cloth chaser adeyanju
Is it Ben Bruce friend of the house that is opposition or cashivist  clouth chaser adeyanjuThese people are running from pillar to post because they have really been exposed,it caught them unawares but they should not bother themselves in Nigeria anything goesIf Tinubu despite everything can be president ,they have nothing to fear
Criminals supporting criminals in Nigeria as usual
The same man that said all the governors are stole money...later told us he never said that.....lol.
Lol
Hatchet jobIs it Ben Bruce friend of the house that is oppositionOr cashivist,cloth chaser adeyanjusee what the Nigerian media is posting as news.
Murray-Bruce and Adeyanju
Nuhu Ribadu that rejected Ibori's $15M cash bribe close to 20 years ago will now be asking for $2B in bribes from Binance?
We know concocted conspiracy when we see one!Politicians already trying to smear Ribadu because he looms large as successor to PBAT!
Thieves defending one of their own
The Binance guy should provide evidence......without that he is lying .
[b]Binance Bribery Opposition leaders defend RibaduTMs integrity as Gambaryan insists on accusations.are the opposition leaders?Bruce that has been singing Tinubus praises from the beginning and looking for appointment?Or Deji Adeyanju that's an undercover agent for Tinubu?The same Deji that tells Nigerians always to forget 2027, that no one can unseat Tinubu?
He will be on the ballot, come 2031He will still destroyed bambazoo at the poll same year
Which high-ranking government official will want to collect bribe and feel the need to tell you he needs the bribe for his presidential aspirations come 2027.If an NSA wants a bribe, why does he need to mention what he needs the bribe forThe Indian man is telling porkies.That particular point is what cast doubt on the Binance guy's claim.
Paid damage control, it's too late.
Which high-ranking government official will want to collect bribe and feel the need to tell you he needs the bribe for his presidential aspirations come 2027.If an NSA wants a bribe, why does he need to mention what he needs the bribe forThe Indian man is telling porkies.That's like telling you how important the money is to him.....
besides he wasn't specific about 2027 Presidential ambition, political ambition in the future was rather used
This is likely a fabrication.
Can you screenshot and post it here for us to confirm it, because our reporters know how to lie especially the paid ones
The Farouque gate of 2012 has thought me never to vouch for any political office holder whether elected or appointed.
Let him come back to Nigeria and substantiate his points against Mr Ribadu....I want to check something if it is still working.
If you want to get lost, believe Nigerian politicians and their friends who are all thieves.
Their is no one in this country who doesn't know that what that former  binance man Nigerian executive  is saying is true .
Those thieves always demand for bribes............It's common amongst them in Nigeria
He only decieve you Igbo Obidients just like how kanu did to extort money from you gullible fools.
I know Tinubu is grooming the NSA Ribadu to take over from him 20231.
He is a pretender
Northern leaders have been divided over the possible re-election of President Bola Tinubu in 2027.
Findings by Sunday PUNCH revealed that the once monolithic North is now split, with core northerners determinedto oust Tinubu in 2027, while northern minorities support his re-election.Our correspondents noted that although core northerners complain about the PresidentTMs unfavourable disposition towards the region, minority groups argue that they have fared well under his administration.The Middle Belt, southern Kadunaresidents, Hausa Christians of Northern Nigeria, and many natives of Plateau State have distanced themselves from the plot to unseat Tinubu.However, core northerners, represented by various political, socio-cultural, and indigenous groups, insist that Tinubu does not deserve a second term.The division among northern stakeholders is evident in social media exchanges between former Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, and a human rights activist, Senator Shehu Sani, who frequently express differing views on TinubuTMs approach to northern issues, particularly security.The Arewa Consultative Forum, a key political and cultural association in Northern Nigeria, alongside several prominent northern figures, said the region could not be coerced into re-electing Tinubu.Speaking with Sunday PUNCH , the Secretary General of the group, Murtala Aliyu, stated that the forum remained nonpartisan and would not support or oppose any candidate.The ACF was responding to a recent statement by the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Abdullahi Ganduje, who urged northern politicians with presidential ambitions to abandon their aspirations because Tinubu would serve for two terms.What we normally do at ACF is to highlight critical issues that the people should consider when choosing a candidate, irrespective of their political party.
We do not involve ourselves in promoting or antagonising any candidate, Aliyu said.The League of Northern Democrats, a northern group comprising members of the APC, the Peoples Democratic Party, and the New Nigeria Peoples Party, vowed to support an alternative candidate in 2027.
The spokesperson for the group, Ladan Salihu, said,We donTMt have a personal agenda against Tinubu, but we believe his government has not delivered.
The performance indicators do not add up to justify northern support.The government has not met expectations, and we in the North are not convinced he deserves another opportunity.
Even those who voted for him are now filled with regret.His administration has brought hardship, poverty and agony to the people.
No northerner with a conscience can claim to be impressed with TinubuTMs performance.
It cannot deliver on the promises he made to the North.Salihu also hinted at the possibility of a new political movement to field a northern candidate against Tinubu in 2027.
Yes, there is a possibility, because we are not convinced that this government can lift Nigeria out of its current predicament, he said.Similarly, the National Coalition of Northern Groups warned that the North would not vote for Tinubu if economic conditions did not improve.
In an interview with Sunday PUNCH , the coalition president, Jamilu Charanchi, stated that the North, which holds the majority of votes, would not re-elect Tinubu if economic hardship persisted.It is the people who will decide who leads the countrythere is no doubt about that.
The North has a majority.
It is up to President Tinubu to make the right decisions so that people will re-elect him.If he continues on this path, I can tell you clearly that people will not vote for him, he said.
Urging Nigerians to vote wisely, Charanchi advised the electorate to choose leaders based on competence, capacity, integrity and adherence to the rule of law.
He said,Nigerians should not allow themselves to be manipulated by politicians.
They should vote based on merit and mobilise others to elect leaders who will lift the country out of its current crisis.Charanchi described GandujeTMs comment as troubling and disheartening, stating that it indicated the APC chairman was out of touch with reality.Is he satisfied with NigeriaTMs failing economy?
he asked.A former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Babachir Lawal, had previously hinted at northern efforts to remove Tinubu in 2027.
Lawal recently declared his intention to work with El-Rufai to prevent TinubuTMs re- election.In an interview, Lawal blamed TinubuTMs economic policies for worsening poverty and hardship in Northern Nigeria.The North is seriously mobilising with a consensus that Bola Tinubu must step down in the 2027 election.
There is no doubt about this consensus.I may not have always agreed with El-Rufai, but on this issue, I will join him to stop Tinubu from winning the 2027 election.
If Tinubu wins, northern Nigeria will turn into one large refugee camp, he said.El-Rufai, on Monday, shared on his X handle an opinion by a chieftain of the party, Uche Diala, who warned that if Tinubu was not careful, he might face the same fate as former President Goodluck Jonathan ahead of the 2027 election.The article stated, I have read and heard the arrogant posturing and braggadocio by some people who I refer to as political rabble-rousers, but I get more worried each day as it keeps looking more and more like a movie we had seen before.May I remind some persons that, more than the performance or lack thereof of the President Goodluck Jonathan administration, it was his attitude, and that of people around him, towards the North that ultimately brought him down and by extension the PDP that had boasted that it would rule Nigeria for 60 years.El-Rufai himself had on his X handle criticised the APC, lamenting the lack of internal democracy and active party structures within the party.He wrote I no longer recognise the APC.
No party organ has met in two years no caucus, no NEC, nothing.
You donTMt even know if it is a one-man show; itTMs a zero-man show.However, the Northern minorities distanced themselves from the plot to oust Tinubu.One of the notable northern minority groups, the Middle Belt Forum, stated that the region had decided to support a southern presidency in 2027.The MBF argued that the region had received a better deal under the current administration than under former President Muhammadu Buhari, despite prevailing economic hardships.According to the MBFTMs spokesman, Luka Binniyat, the Middle Belt has secured more political appointments at thenational level and more infrastructural projects than under the previous government.Sunday PUNCH noted that Middle Belt indigenes in TinubuTMs administration include the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, George Akume (Benue State), and the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management, and Social Development, Prof.
Nentawe Goshwe Yilwatda (Plateau State).We are having a better deal under Bola Tinubu than under Buhari, even though we are all experiencing economic hardship like everyone else.The Middle Belt Forum, for sure, still stands for a southern presidency in 2027.
So, it is up to President Tinubu to up his game to attract the Middle Belt when an alternative candidate emerges in 2027, Binniyat said.Similarly, indigenous Hausa Christians of Northern Nigeria dissociated themselves from the plot to remove Tinubu in 2027, stating that they would not be pressured into making a decision that could negatively impact the social well- being of their people.According to the Christian group, TinubuTMs administration had demonstrated a commitment to addressing the insecurity that has plagued many northern states.All we want at the moment is inclusivity, as we have many qualified individuals and seasoned politicians capable of holding political office.Instead of calling for the PresidentTMs removal in 2027, we are urging him to consider some of our people for appointments, as we refuse to inherit anyoneTMs enemies, said the National Chairman of the group, Daniel Musa.Some indigenes of Plateau State also declared support for TinubuTMs second term.
Speaking with Sunday PUNCH under the auspices of the Plateau Initiative for the Development and Advancement of the Natives in Jos, the indigenes acknowledged the PresidentTMs contributions to the development of their region.
The associationTMsSecretary General, Dickson Auta, said,He (Tinubu) has indeed shown that he is a detribalised leader because he has been striving to spread developmental projects across every part of the country.Our people are only concerned about good governance, and if Mr President continues on this developmental path, I am sure our people will have no choice but to support his ambition in 2027 should he decide to run for a second term.In fact, we are already supporting him.
Also, the Southern Kaduna PeopleTMs Union commended Tinubu for appointing individuals from Southern Kaduna to key positions.A spokesperson for SOKAPU, Josiah Abraks, cited the appointment of Gen.
Christopher Musa as Chief of Defence Staff and the establishment of the Federal University of Applied Science, Kachia, as examples of the PresidentTMs inclusivity, which has benefited the people of Southern Kaduna.The southern part of Kaduna is willing to partner with whoever is ready to work with us to ensure our growth and development, he added.
Middle Belt is in the bag already, the pity votes and religious sentiments Obi got from there during the last election is dead and buried.As for the Arewa Consultative Forum, they are Atiku's boys, they supported him during the last election and they lost.
Their opinion is therefore inconsequential.
Is it not the same NE and NW that people are decamping to APC everyday.
As a matter of fact, present APC under Tinubu has become even bigger and stronger than under Buhari.
In 2027, Tinubu will collect 25% in 10 states out of the 13 states in the core North.
Drug dealing, certificateless , Illegal aso rock occupant will soon meet his Waterloo
LolMuslim Muslim
Even in the SE, Tinubu will beat Obi silly like a thief.
It will not be like 2023 result where Obi the tribalist, took 98% in the SE.
LolMuslim MuslimBefore?..
Muslim -Muslim ticket is sacrosanct..In a one-minute, 30-second video of his Friday sermon last week, Sheikh Jingir further fuelled the debate, I know Tinubu will not ask them to do this.We suspect they want to do rituals with the Quran, and whoever does rituals with the Quran is not among us.We are only for Muslim-Muslim.
See these ipob clowns..
Even in the SE, Tinubu will beat Obi silly like a thief.
Do you think they are interested in stopping?
Do you think they are interested in stopping?Sometimes you need to remind them how ignorant they sound.
See these ipob clowns..
Even in the SE, Tinubu will beat Obi silly like a thief.
It will not be like 2023 result where Obi the tribalist, took 98% in the SE.nonsense ewedu analysis from a clown tinubu cannot beat Kwakwanso in a free and fair elections
Tinubu remains the worst president in Nigeria history.Data doesn't like andpropa doesn't run economy...
Muslim -Muslim ticket is sacrosanct..LolAnd the shege is second to none
Drug dealing, certificateless , Illegal aso rock occupant will soon meet his Waterloo
Sometimes you need to remind them how ignorant they sound.Would that stop them from repeating the boring attitude tomorrow?
LolAnd the shege is second to noneIs it your shege?, Amebo.
nonsense ewedu analysis from a clown tinubu cannot beat Kwakwanso in a free and fair electionsLol, see this ipob clown.
Better be bothered how Tinubu will embarrass Obi in the SE.
The Christian votes he's relying on are gone.
are voting MIDDLE BELT is 2031.
Middle belt that are screaming out over the hardship they are witnessing under this tilumbulationYou want them to go and vote for you APC riffraffs again?
Even at that obi will not be president
Middle Belt have seen the light, I can't really blame them at the last election, they had their fears.
Right now, they are in a safer place.
Ignore any noisemakers, the only thing we're waiting for in 2027, is for INEC to announce the President as the winner because the opposition will also endorse him.-Kiss the truth!
The real joker is the former eastern Nigeria.
They will be the undisputed king maker 2027.
I would have suggested they sacrifice the presidency for economic breathing space that will gove them 2 deep sea ports in Bayelsa,  calabar an international gateway to the world in enugu,  a banking valley in Asaba that will host the headquarters of UBA, Fidelity ,Access and Zenith bank and another media valley that will host the headquarters of sunnewspaper, guardian.ng, thisdaylive,AIT,Ray Power, Arise TV.then finally turning port Harcourt to the oil and gas capital of Africa.2 functioning river ports in Aba and onitsha with rail to the heart of ariaria and the heart of ochanja and bridge head market and linking all market to high speed rail to the airport with helipad and high speed optic Fibre and rebuilding the markets to Asia standardThere are more priorities than the presidency.
The real joker is the former eastern Nigeria.
They will be the undisputed king maker 2027.
I would have suggested they sacrifice the presidency for economic breathing space that will gove them 2 deep sea ports in Bayelsa,  calabar an international gateway to the world in enugu,  a banking valley in Asaba that will host the headquarters of UBA, Fidelity, Access and Zenith bank and another media valley that will host the headquarters of sunnewspaper, guardian.ng, thisdaylive,AIT,Ray Power, Arise TV.then finally turning port Harcourt to the oil and gas capital of Africa.2 functioning river ports in Aba and onitsha with rail to the heart of ariaria and the heart of ochanja and bridge head market and linking all market to high speed rail to the airport with helipad and high speed optic Fibre and rebuilding the markets to Asia standardThere are more priorities than the presidency.
No sane Nigerian who knew about the damage the Buhari and Tinubu APC have done to this nation would want any continuity of this disaster
Lol, see this ipob clown.
Better be bothered how Tinubu will embarrass Obi in the SE.
if you actually believe tinubu will beat Obi in an electronic voting and transmission free and fair elections then you are not only a clown but an true embodiment of your NairalandTMs moniker- zero IQTinubu will beat him silly.
OK we shall see
No more 2027 coalition or what?#TableShaker
peter will soon denial obi like he denial Jesus
Pathetic
The old monkey  has lost steamsee the flimsy excuse he is now using to call Peter obi's name just for a few cents on X
Reno you are childish
Comrade RENO OMOKRI you are truly patriotic Nigerian  ...
Shallow minded politicking.
Reno knows that people will always defend Obi and as such drag engagement to his page always and that's why he's doing what he's doing.As an influencer, his employers will seek to see his level of engagement as his CV.
Even most of us Yoruba Muslims are now beginning to like this Peter Obi, he seems very humble and humane
Pityobi and his retards in trouble !
Agbadorians when will RENO OMOKRIKRI wish WENDEL SIMLIM happy birthday ?
Comrade RENO OMOKRI you are truly patriotic Nigerian  ...
...Patriotic indeed
Obi is not even aware.
He has never replied him.
This He-goat desperately needs a Political Appointment from the person he  chased away from Chatham House and called him Ole + Drug Baron
Peter's silence to all Reno's noise is giving him nightmare.
Reno omokri and problems.
From next year they'll show themselves.
Hmmm
Reno is only making a fool of himself.
Po never said El Rufai is his friend.
I like how PO ignores the clown.
It is so funny.
IPOB folks once worshipped Reno for over a decade.They azzlicked him and made him popular as their Tableshaker Oracle.All his insults to Buhari & Tinubu went ignored.
He NEVER got a single response.But once he dished out 1/100000 of those insults to Obi, 0bidients started lamenting
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
Peter Obi must contest in 2027
Olakunle Rotimi-Akodu, Permanent Secretary, Office of Environmental Services, Dr.
Gaji Omobolaji; Permanent Secretary, Office Drainage Services, Engr.
Mahamood Adegbite; Managing Director Lagos State Waste Management Authority, LAWMA, Dr.
Muyiwa Gbadegesin, as well as some ministry management staff, were also part of the inspection team.According to Wahab, We have come to inspect the level of compliance with respect to the directive given to keep off our drainage alignments and remove every impediment around the alignment.We came here about three weeks ago; we could see the high level of encroachment where people were selling on the drainage itself.
It was a very unpalatable sight to behold.This led to serving the traders notices to vacate, and we had to re-establish that drainage and the right of way.
All the connecting tertiary drainages were also opened up.We also engaged with the traders upon which they gave their written undertaking and agreed to maintain what we have opened up, which led to the immediate unsealing of the market.From there, we inspected the Idumota and environs.We could see the level of environmental degradation and itTMs not something we want to keep unaddressed.We had to serve them quit notice to remove them and after then we shall do the needful.He stressed the need for residents, including traders at all markets, to prioritize environmental cleanliness to prevent the spread of diseases.It is necessary for everyone to take care of the environment; the traders caused the closure of the market; the government will not let down its guards.
If You people have been collecting money from those sleeping in the markets in the past, such people should stop giving you money.
The government is not asking for your money; just fix the little necessary things in your corners; stop connecting your sewage system to the drainage alignment; stop discharging your waste into the drainage alignment.
The Poor are now becoming a threat with their poverty right?
The Poor are now becoming a threat with their poverty right?hope u said this same thing when Enugu government was demolishing houses n people were jumping out of the window
The Poor are now becoming a threat with their poverty right?Everyone is struggling to survive but their activities must be regulated, that's all.Stop calling people "Poor".
It's debasing and dehumanizing.
Nobody has ever bargained to be poor in this sweet life.
You posted ur account details so people here can contribute to help ur Life, this means that u are even much poorer than the people u labelled poor.
These people u labelled poor have more prestige and honor than u
This is funny, one moth to elections, they will relax this  law.
How many times have they banned stree trading, go to Dosunmu, the market is fully back.
Everyone is struggling to survive but their activities must be regulated, that's all.Stop calling people "Poor".
It's debasing and dehumanizing.
Nobody has ever bargained to be poor in this sweet life.
You posted ur account details so people here can contribute to help ur Life, this means that u are even much poorer than the people u labelled poor.
These people u labelled poor have more prestige and honor than uI did not post my account details bruv
I did not post my account details bruvI pity u.
So u didn't post ur details on your profile this afternoon?OhThat was in my SignatureNot like I posted it  I have changed it after you made jest of me
The agulu fraudster will quickly react of persecution against developers
OhThat was in my SignatureNot like I posted it  I have changed it after you made jest of meOk.
Tell me why u posted it
TohEko must be developed
Good!
That place is too dirty.
These people mess up everywhere with solid dirt and pooThe residents there are not helping matters, they wine and dine with their own poo.
The whole of that place smell very badly!
Too bad.
Hmmmmm.Buy cars - check my signature
Gal sellers can return to their 5 plots of land.
Like it or not.Even if the men want to serve as our slaves and the women as our snacks...
it MUST be with dignity
The Poor are now becoming a threat with their poverty right?Ambassador of poverty.They said you plastered your account details online for digital bambiala.
Gal sellers can return to their 5 plots of land.
Like it or not.I' the men want to serve as our slaves and the women as our snacks...
it MUST be with dignityThat will be tomorrow.Today is Monday.
Strictly for hiding under the bed.
Lagos island this year.
I hope they wonTMt  insist the move was targeted against igbos
MAXIMIZE YOUR BUSINESS, COMPANY, OR PERSONAL ENDEAVORTMS POTENTIAL  LOCALLY & GLOBALLY!1Need more sales?1 Struggling with brand visibility?1 Want to attract more clients effortlessly?We offer powerful branding, marketing, and tech solutions to help your business, company, or personal endeavor grow and thrive anywhere in the world!SOME OF OUR  1.
DESIGN & BRANDING  Logo, Business Card, ID card, Letterhead each Starting at 3,000  Flyers, banner ,Posters & Ads Starting at 5,000  Premium Brand Identity 500,000 - 1.5M+  Company Brochure/Profile Design Starting at 2,000 per page2.
WEBSITE, APP & E-COMMERCE SOLUTIONS  Basic Website Design starting at 120,000-500,000  Custom Web Development 1M  10M+  Shopify Dropshipping Store Setup 250,000  900,000  E-commerce Store Development 500,000  5M+  Mobile App Development Starting at 300,000  30M+  Payment Gateway Integration Starting at 50,000  150,000+  Website & App Maintenance Starting at 50,000  150,000+/month  Technical Support for Websites & Apps Starting at 10,0004.
COMPANY & BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  Business Name Registration 25,000  Company (LTD) Registration 55,000  NGO/Association Registration 130,000  Annual Returns Filing Starting at 16,000/year  Professional Investor Proposal Writing Starting at 30,000  Highly Profitable Business Ideas Consultation Starting at 10,000  Business & Marketing Strategy Consultation 10,000  1.5M+  High-Level Business Expansion Plans 500,000  1.5M+  Custom Team Training for Business Setup 300,000  700,0005.
ADDITIONAL SERVICES  CV & Resume Design Starting at 5,000  Ebook Creation & Design 20,000  100,000  Video Ads Creation Starting at 10,000  Premium Corporate Video Production 500,000  3M+READY TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS?14LetTMs take your business to the next level!CALL/WHATSAPP US NOW!FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, YOU CAN EASILY COPY THE NUMBER DIRECTLY FROM MY PROFILE OR TYPE THE NUMBER MANUALLY FROM THE IMAGE BELOW.
I hope they wonTMt  insist the move was targeted against igbosLet whoever wants to cry feel free.Lagos no send anybody papa.
How will the traders survive nowRemote jobs are the best.Learn Social Media Management and thank me later
I hope they wonTMt  insist the move was targeted against igbosThe illegal traders are mostly Yorba there.
The Poor are now becoming a threat with their poverty right?Please read the article.The poor traders are an environmental menace.
He observed that some traders are still using and littering the market environment with the banned item and urged them to stop.I would like to appeal to our traders who still engage in selling styrofoams packs that we donTMt want to see styrofoams in our markets; it is obvious that some of you are still storing these styrofoams in your stores; It is high time you collaborate with the government as traders to help protect the environment and all the drainage alignments he stressed.
This is funny, one moth to elections, they will relax this  law.
How many times have they banned stree trading, go to Dosunmu, the market is fully back.That is on the street traders and the people buying from them, not the government of Lagos state.When we condone criminality as a people, we shouldn't blame the state government.
Wow..
This means that ladies, I mean some of the ladies, are a menace to our society ?But this shouldn't be the priority
In some countries, people in the government wake up everyday thinking about the way forward,In Nigeria, people wake up to think about the way backwards
Misplaced property, Soludo is becoming a joke.
Anambra is a cosmopolitan city and law like this will affect the growth of the state.
Wait how can someone walk around with out bra  and pants??Are you loosing it
Interesting
This is rubbish in20thcentury.
How will they know that the girls arenTMt wearing pants?Will they be opening their skirts, gown, wrapper or trousers?
Misplaced property, Soludo is becoming a joke.So you were elected to check who is wearing pant and bra?
What was funny to me was even the announcement in Igbo language.
That was why the girl laughed in the background.Nwanne..
Misplaced property, Soludo is becoming a joke.
Is this Hisbah in Anambra?We'll all come to our senses with time.
It seems finally the purge started from Anambra, tome will tell
In some countries, people in the government wake up everyday thinking about the way forward,In Nigeria, people wake up to think about the way backwardsI have a task for you.
GoogleNudity and Indecent Exposure Lawsin ______(fill in the blank with some of those countries)Leave Nigeria out of it in your search.Thank you and let me know what you find out who's backward and who's forward
Anambra is a cosmopolitan city and law like this will affect the growth of the state.Nigerians amaze me sometimes.
While I understand that governance is what we want our elected politicians to focus on, why we chastise them for what we should take for granted makes me think something is wrong with us.
Since we like to go to America and white white people matter, show me how these people have lost the growth of their states
Who would have thought of this?This is pure misplaced priorities.
Wait how can someone walk around with out bra  and pants??Are you loosing itKeep whining
Wow..
This means that ladies, I mean some of the ladies, are a menace to our society ?yes they are
yes they are
I like this, I support this one..
Soludo's children live abroad where no one bats eyes at women walking naked.
Soludo's children live abroad where no one bats eyes at women walking naked.
Ride on Mr governor....I support you with my father's land in the village
What was funny to me was even the announcement in Igbo language.
That was why the girl laughed in the background.Nwanne..
This is not the first time the Bakura Doro-led faction of Boko Haram and ISWAP engaged in such violent fighting on the islands of Lake Chad Basin.by Yakubu MohammedTwo weeks after a failed reconciliation move between JamaTMtu Ahlis Sunna LiddaTMawati wal-Jihad (JAS), popularly known as Boko Haram, and its breakaway faction, Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), both groups have resumed fighting in Abadam Local Government Area of Borno State.This is not the first time the Bakura Doro-led faction of Boko Haram and ISWAP engaged in such violent fighting on the islands of Lake Chad Basin.The recent clash, according to Zagazola Makama, a counterinsurgency expert in the North-east, occurred on 14 February around ISWAP camps in Toumbun Gini and Toumbun Ali.Mr Makama, in an X post, said ISWAP suffered heavy casualties in the battle that was fought on water.
He said the fighting may continue and spread to Kukawa LGA, where Boko Haram fighters continue their campaign against ISWAP.Both groups have been fighting each other since ISWAP split from Boko Haram in 2016 and pledged allegiance to the Islamic State.Abubakar Shekau, a former idiosyncratic leader of JAS, had, in 2015, pledged allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), making him the leader of ISWAP.However, ideological differences forced some top members of the group, including Habib Yusuf, the son of Boko Haram founder Mohammed Yusuf, to fall out with Mr Shekau.The breakaway faction led by Mr Yusuf, otherwise known as Abu Musab al-Barnawi, went ahead to bear the name ISWAP with its operational bases in the islands and shores of the Lake Chad basin, restricting their brothers-in-arms to places like Sambisa and Mandara Mountain in Gwoza.The genesis of the infightingWhen the groups first split in 2016, the Islamic State tried all it could to reconcile them, but the negotiation failed majorly as a result of Mr ShekauTMs ideological stance, especially on who should be regarded as a kufar [apostate] and why they must be executed.That same year of the schism, the Islamic State officially recognised Mr Yusuf as the leader of ISWAP.
This situation forced Mr Shekau and some of his loyalists to revert to his JAS designation.Subsequently, a clash between ISWAP and Boko Haram led to the death of Mr Shekau, who experts believe killed himself to escape ridicule after his Sambisa hideout was raided on 19 May 2021.
This ended Mr ShekauTMs 11 years of terror campaign.As the shadowy Bakura Doro succeeded Mr Shekau, supremacy fights between both groups continued, diminishing their strengths.
This is besides strategic military offensives against the groups, although it is believed that these rivalry fights have killed more insurgents than military offensives.The failed reconciliationTwo weeks earlier, Mr Doro wrote a letter to the ISWAP leadership, seeking reconciliation between both groups, said Malik Samuel, a researcher with a deep understanding of jihadi groups in northeastern Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin region.PREMIUM TIMES could not get a copy of the letter written by Mr Doro.
But Mr Samuel said insiders told him the letter was about reconciliation.He explained that ISWAP set up a committee to look into the request before the current clash.A Borno-based journalist who has been reporting on violent extremism in the North-east corroborated Mr Samuel, saying the reconciliation process failed.The ongoing clash may not be unconnected with the failed peace deal, the journalist, who asked not to be named for his safety, said.Although the ISWAP has always been open for reconciliation with Boko Haram since the death of Mr Shekau, the move has always failed due to differences in beliefs, such as the treatment of civilians who do not believe in jihad.As the rivalry continues, both groups now resort to guerilla tactical attacks, deploying IEDs of various types to hit their targets.
According to experts, this shift in operational pattern shows a significant combat weakness within the groups.But that does not mean the state actors have won the war.
Our correspondent understands that groups, especially ISWAP, intensify their endearing strategies in the local communities they control.
Noting that more than 35 million people need support because of the instability in Lake Chad that has claimed thousands of lives, the European Union recently allocated 201 million in humanitarian aid for Sahel and Lake Chad countries.The renewed clash between the two groups, according to Mr Samuel, is a win for the Nigerian authority and other regional governments around the Lake Chad region.Had the reconciliation worked out between them, it would have been somewhat devastating to the Nigerian military and other regional forces, Mr Samuel opined, noting that rivalry clashes between the groups decimate more than the ongoing military operations in the North-eastWhen asked what could have prompted Boko Haram to write a reconciliation letter to ISWAP, the researcher explained that it may be due to the international recognition that ISWAP enjoys.It is not because of economic or funding issues, he explained.
Boko Haram since before the death of Shekau has its funding model.
They thrive on taxation of local fishers, herders and farmers.According to him, Boko Haram might be envious of last yearTMs scenario when Islamic State sent foreign instructors to train ISWAP fighters, including minors, in December.
A great scripture that fits this scenario is 2 Chronicles 22-24, where IsraelTMs enemies turned against each other and destroyed 2 Chronicles 22-24 (NIV)"As they began to sing and praise, the Lord set ambushes against the men of Ammon and Moab and Mount Seir who were invading Judah, and they were defeated.
The Ammonites and Moabites rose up against the men from Mount Seir to destroy and annihilate them.
After they finished slaughtering the men from Seir, they helped to destroy one another.
When the men of Judah came to the place that overlooks the desert and looked toward the vast army, they saw only dead bodies lying on the ground; no one had escaped."
They should reconcile their differences and face the real enemies.
Nice one...
Good!
Enemy of God's children will never know let alone have peace.
After all they are all blood shedders and killers.
More of the self annihilation.
Elrufai Boys at war again ...USAID funding is gone for good..let's see how long they can sustain the fight
COMRADES, Nigeria is yet to get an active government which will wipe out these motherfvckers from the country or from the surface of the earth.
HmmmHas Shetima spoken?
I wonder if you get papa and mama because you always sounds like mbe and bastd!
GoodNo more dollars from any foreign governmentThis is the best way to get rid of terroristAbubakar Shekau that couldn't be killed then by the military was eliminated by a rival terrorist group
Half knowledge is very dangerous
They should reconcile their differences and face the real enemies.
They should reconcile their differences and face the real enemies.Please are you one of them or do you have sympathy on.them?
After they die, that's when they'll know the truth hidden from them.
They should reconcile their differences and face the real enemies.Are you okay...
Or are a sympathizer of insurgency
Ahan
This country is in the hands of Creators.
If USAID was alleged to finance Boko Haram.
Who is sponsoring ISWAP.
They should reconcile their differences and face the real enemies.Are you ready to spill your blood to atone for their differences
Let them continue.its a family This is not the first time the Bakura Doro-led faction of Boko Haram and ISWAP engaged in such violent fighting on the islands of Lake Chad Basin.
More power to their elbows, so they can finish themselves.That would be less worry for our army.
I wonder if you get papa and mama because you always sounds like mbe and bastd!goan read ur comment again.
What is the Nigeria military waiting for.
Smoke them.
Nigerians in the UK community conducted an election and according to their own announced results,the number of votes casted is more than the number of voters.
Did ghosts also vote?This is an election where barely 500 people actually voted.
Yet the results is still a fraudulent scam.A new Nigeria is possible.
A new Nigeria is possible.crew will hide their empty heads.
Casted ke?Nigerians in the UK community conducted an election and according to their own announced results, the number of votescasted is more than the number of voters.
Yet the results is still a fraudulent scam.A new Nigeria is possible.Seun mynd44 Lalasticlala
APC has taught them the way.
Charity begins from home.
Check whether someone from INEC was part of the electoral committee.
They learnt it from INEC
Nigerians have taught the world
Nigerians in the UK community conducted an election and according to their own announced results,the number of votes casted is more than the number of voters.
Did ghosts also vote?This is an election where barely 500 people actually voted.
Yet the results is still a fraudulent scam.A new Nigeria is possible.useless people,  just left their space meeting on X.How can you use 2 platforms for an election all in the name of not to disenfranchised accredited votersEven after releasing the rubbish result, no statement to explain the anomaly until after 7hrs that people pointed out the flaws
COMRADES, who should we blame now?
Copying our darling daddySnatch it ,grab it and run with it
A Mamud is part of the electoral committee
Yorubas or Nigerians?
Lol.
What no one can take away from you, @YeleSowore, is the energy and passion with which you have engaged the system for a better Nigeria.Indeed, yours has been a life dedicated to activism for the betterment of our country.
-AA
Sowore is the perfect guy to clean up this country, but the likes of Wike can't even allow someone like him win up to 200k votes.
He should go and start from guber election and build his influence from there.
Happy birthday to him!
Atiku greeting his fellow serial contestant.SUG President go still yab you with your greetings.
So this SUG president is already 54 years old.
Sowore is the perfect guy to clean up this country, but having the likes of Wike can't even allow someone like him win up to 200k votes.
Happy birthday to him!Leadership and activism are two world apart.
Happy birthday great man.
Long may you live, sir.
Sowore is the perfect guy to clean up this country, but having the likes of Wike can't even allow someone like him win up to 200k votes.
Yele, you are now a grandpa.
Start behaving maturelyHappy birthday, age with grace not disgrace
Leadership and activism are two world apart.
May God bless and increase you all-round.Never knew he is up to this age.Who can pls help me with 5k.
I'm afraid to sleep cos I have nothing left in my house.
Nothing at all
Wow
This guy is 54?He acts like a class president
This is nice.Happy birthday Sowore.
Nice
Sodnd
Happy birthday to my presidential candidate.Long live the fearless comrade.
Operatives of the Ogun State Security Network, codenamed Amotekun, have foiled a robbery incident on the Odogbolu corridor of the Sagamu, Ijebu-Ode expressway, Ogun State.The incident which happened in the early hours of Sunday, had one of the suspects gunned down and another identified as Amechie Okoro, arrested during a gun duel with operatives of the Corps.This was contained in a statementsigned by the Corps Commander, Brigadier General Alade Adeditgba (retd) and made availableto DAILY POST in Abeokuta.According to the statement,the arrested suspect led the operatives of the Corps to their hideouts which led to the arrest of one Micheal Oko, another gang member who had earlier escaped from the crime scene.The Corps commander added that on interrogation, Okoro confessed to have just been released from Ikoyi prison last week Monday, while Micheal Oko said it was the ring leader called Awuha that initiated him into the group.Items recovered from them include a sum of N113,050, 1 motorcycle registered as Lagos KTU 668, 12 different types of phones, 2 locally made pistols, 1 silver wrist watch, and one 1 red head phone.Adeditgba noted that the corpse of the suspect was evacuated and deposited at the Ijebu-Ode General Hospital morgue by the police.He said the two arrested suspects will be transferred to the police for further investigation and likely prosecution.
What Is Really Happening Inside This OGUN
Yaribanzah criminals on the beat again
Nice  one
Smh
What Is Really Happening Inside This OGUNIgbos are robbing there and are getting killed like dogs.
Amechie Okoro, arrested during a gun duel with operatives of the Corps.Micheal Oko, another gang member who had earlier escaped from the crime scene.Mad dogs from Igboland.
You will be killed.
That one is sure.
Yoruba ooooooh
Yoruba Yaribanzah criminals on the beat againThe criminals came all the way from Igboland to rob.
They are already dead meat.You criminals will leave Igboland to come to Yoruba land and be committing crimes.
Have you ever seen any Yoruba man committing robbery in Igboland?Any Igbo criminal who comes to commit crime in Yorubaland will be shot dead.
That is the new resolution.
The incident which happened in the early hours of Sunday, had one of the suspects gunned down and another identified asAmechie Okoro, arrested during a gun duel with operatives of the Corps.It shall not be well with lugard for merging me with easternbull monkeys
Too bad
Wawu.
More Tinubu urchinsTo die
The criminals came all the way from Igboland to rob.
Some skull miners arrested not long ago in Ogun state were also also from Anambra and Imo.
The criminals came all the way from Igboland to rob.
They are already dead meat.Any Igbo criminal comes to commit crime in Yorubaland will be shot dead.Really unfortunate
No peace for the wicked.
Not surprised, this is what they are good at.See that one as he yellow like better person.This is what they do to save up money for December show off in Anambra.
If they are minors I understand.
Is it because of cowardice?...as inif I show face they may find and kill me or my family.
K
What Is Really Happening Inside This OGUN.Crime happens everywhere.But why are you complaining?
After all.....
They are far away from home.
Useless ObidientsYou will leave your barren region to go to other people's land and be stealing and kidnapping.
If they now arrest you, Ohaneze will be crying that they are targeting Igbos.
Not the first time.
Some skull miners arrested not long ago in Ogun state were also also from Anambra and Imo.That is how the animals behave.
People in Delta State are complaining about the influx of criminals from Igboland into Asaba.
This is sad to be honest.
How can you come to a place and start attacking/robbing the people of the area.It will only cause others to resent you and what you represent.
And we powerfully and courageously did that in 2023 general election.
But I think that the Igbos must also go back to the drawing board."The Igbos need more realignment with the other sections of the country.
Over the years, students of history will agree that the Yorubas at some point were like the Igbos who were doing it all alone and they were unable to capture power.
It is a lesson for the Igbos to learn."I also think that the Igbos should be strong, firm and united with a leadership.
I still believes that the Igbos still need to be more united and speak with one voice.
I know that every body might not need to be together but to a very large extent, we need to be together, unity of purpose to be able to realise the dreams of the Igbos.
I want to assure you that Labour Party is till ready and available to be able to support Ndigbo to realise the ambition of ruling the country in future."Barrister Abure also assured the aspirants that Labour Party is better than any other party in Nigeria.
He said that the coming election in FCT will be between Labour Party and others.
He assured them that the primaries will be credible, free and fair and that the Labour Party will not have anointed candidates."The reason why Nigeria and other political parties are in trouble is because leaders always want to subvert the wishes and aspirations of the people.
I as the National Chairman of the Labour Party will stand to discourage that in our party.
So in this coming election, only members of the party will be the ones that will determine who becomes the candidates of the party."Obiora IfohNational Publicity SecretaryLabour Party16-02-2025
Liesblatant LIESLagosIbadanExpressway media productionsTheir new trick is to try and force people to view LP as an igbo political party    LP that has been in existence even before APC and PDP lolPersonification of government failures, these RoNu agbadoid urchinus group self  .
Igbos that are struggling to do combo with their Fulani masters and Labour Party is saying this again.
aaaa
It was always an ibo party.
Tell us something new.
We want a Nigerian president but a regional one.
Let him face biafra.
Much endorsed.Easier path for Mr.
President.
Presidency will wipe nobody's tears.
It has not wiped the tears who are holding it now or in the pastEveryone will suffer equally, no matter the zone that produces the President
Abure should wipe his own tears first.I will not support Peter Obi in 2027 unless there is a serious realignment with other political parties and regions across Nigeria if he contest like it was in 2023 and there is a 3 horse race again between Tinubu, Obi and Atiku that is a guaranteed win for Tinubu.
Give it to them please....!Biafra plecident
like he is making a mockery of the Igbos?
Labour party and lack of common sense are like 5 and 6
This labour party just high on agbado opiods
Aburo, please go elsewhere and get your presidential candidate, leave ndi Igbo alone.
They are not interested.
Shameful!
They want to cash out with the mob support!
Please wipe Ndibgo tears by giving them the presidency.Ndigbo are not interested in the presidency.They are interested in a Nigeria that benefits every Nigerian, irrespective of tribe or religion
Obi, ditch that party now
Tinubu must be really desperate for Obi to run LmaoooTinubu knows his only chance of winning is if obi runs
OK ,politiciansandpoliticsPrincess Faith Chukwu
There are tears also among the groups that have dominated Aso Rock since.
Ridiculous!
Aisha is smiling, more contribution
"You Contributed To My Victory" - Tinubu.The above statement by Tinubu to El-Rufai is the biggest hypocrisy so far in Y2025.Because his relationship with El-Rufai has gone south, Tinubu thinks he can patronize him??You will wish El-Rufai happy birthday in the morning, and send your paid online trolls like Wendell Omokirikiri, Kalusha Bwala, etc, to attack him at night.What happened to the "Tinubu is a master strategist", "Tinubu made Buhari President", Tinubu is a king maker", "Tinubu's political wizardry made him president", etc, lines?Hehehehe.
It's now he remembers someone contributed to his victory.I know H.E Mallam Nasir El-Rufai cannot fall for this birthday message crap.
Please wipe Ndibgo tears by giving them the presidency.Are you sure about this?
Lol the heading looks like Meme...
Peter Obi should stop wasting his time in LP.
Only PDP and APC can win presidential elections in Nigeria.
See begging.Abure is now almost controlling a carcase, the soul of the party is in coma.
Abure is being used to drag Obi away from possible merge with other oppositions.
Tired of Nigerian politics,  in short I'm tired of global politics,  all the players are Job Men and scammers committed to their personal interest.
Nobody really cares about you.
You have to fight for your life and strive to be a part of the 1%
TrendyBeatzanalyzes Asake's exit of YBNL!When whispers about Asake's departure from YBNL began circulating in December, it felt inevitable.
The label that turned the young upcoming artiste from the streets of Lagos into a global Afrobeats phenomenon in just two years might be losing its prized asset.
Born Ololade Ahmed,Asakehad spent a decade as an underground hustlerdabbling in dance, churning out music, and barely moving the needle.
His fortunes changed in 2022, thanks to an introduction facilitated by his friend, Yhemo Lee, to the godfather of Nigerian street-pop, Olamide.OlamidedidnTMt just sign Asake; he threw the entire weight of YBNL behind him.
From co-signs on tracks like Omo Ope to roping in Burna Boy for Sungba (Remix), Olamide went all in.
The visionary business partnership between YBNL and Empire ensured Asake's music reached farther shores, making him a staple in UK and US Afrobeats circuits.
Add TG OmoriTMs cinematic visualseight in totaland you have the makings of an unstoppable cultural force.
AsakeTMs journey seemed like a perfectly executed blueprint for success.But success has a way of complicating relationships.
OlamideTMs fingerprints were noticeably absentno guest verses, no songwriting credits.
The project felt disconnected, starkly contrasting the laser-focused cohesion of Mr.
And when reports emerged that Olamide had offered an improved deal, only for Asake to decline and choose independence, the rupture felt complete.Is It Time to Fly Solo?From a legal standpoint, Asake has every right to leave YBNL if his contract has expired.
It's a business arrangement with a beginning and an end.
But morality?
ThatTMs where things get murkier.
If AsakeTMs career had faltered, no one would bat an eye at his decision to leave YBNL.
The narrative would likely shift to how YBNL didnTMt do enough to support him.
Success, however, changes the stakes.
This isnTMt unique to Asake.
WizkidTMs departure from EME, Burna Boy leaving Aristokrat Records, and even Davido setting up his own DMW after a brief stint with HKNthese stories all follow a similar arc.
For Asake, the perception is different.
HeTMs barely two years into his reign, and the decision to leave feels premature to some, calculated to others.A Gamble on IndependenceGoing independent is not for the faint-hearted.
It requires a robust team, deep pockets, and a strategy that extends beyond the next hit single.
Yes, Asake now has the visibility and financial muscle to chart his own course, but he also risks losing the structure and guidance that YBNL provided.Will he thrive as an independent artiste, or will he stumble under the weight of expectations?
Only time will tell.
WhatTMs clear is that heTMll have to contend with a more cutthroat music business, where the stakes are higher, and the safety nets are fewer.What remains is the Will this be remembered as a savvy career move or a cautionary tale?
But as history has shown, not all artistes who leave their labels at the height of their fame manage to sustain that success.For now, all eyes are on Asake.
The road ahead will determine whether his decision to leave YBNL was a gamble worth taking or a misstep in an otherwise spectacular career.
And for YBNL, itTMs back to the drawing boardbecause in the end, the music business waits for no one.TrendyBeatz
AsakeTMs new look  and his face tattoos with his new girlfriend vibing to  his new song while recording....
Asake dropped a few days ago, but it's yet to top chart.
Hopefully, he doesn't end up like Lil kesh.
Fireboi was on hold because of Mr.
Money - Now the time to explore has come.
Soldier go, soldier come.
Hdhhd
OKPrincess Faith Chukwu
Military regime....
Life can be quite funny.
Some people will go to great lengths to gain favor with you, showering you with attention and admiration, only to discard you like yesterday's trash once they've achieved their goals.
It's funny how ones demeanour can shift from reverence to disdain.
Asake dropped a few days ago, but it's yet to top chart.
He dropped trash
TrendyBeatzanalyzes Asake's exit of YBNL!When whispers about Asake's departure from YBNL began circulating in December, it felt inevitable.
The label that turned the young upcoming artiste from the streets of Lagos into a global Afrobeats phenomenon in just two years might be losing its prized asset.
Born Ololade Ahmed,Asakehad spent a decade as an underground hustlerdabbling in dance, churning out music, and barely moving the needle.
His fortunes changed in 2022, thanks to an introduction facilitated by his friend, Yhemo Lee, to the godfather of Nigerian street-pop, Olamide.OlamidedidnTMt just sign Asake; he threw the entire weight of YBNL behind him.
From co-signs on tracks like Omo Ope to roping in Burna Boy for Sungba (Remix), Olamide went all in.
The visionary business partnership between YBNL and Empire ensured Asake's music reached farther shores, making him a staple in UK and US Afrobeats circuits.
Add TG OmoriTMs cinematic visualseight in totaland you have the makings of an unstoppable cultural force.
AsakeTMs journey seemed like a perfectly executed blueprint for success.But success has a way of complicating relationships.
OlamideTMs fingerprints were noticeably absentno guest verses, no songwriting credits.
The project felt disconnected, starkly contrasting the laser-focused cohesion of Mr.
And when reports emerged that Olamide had offered an improved deal, only for Asake to decline and choose independence, the rupture felt complete.Is It Time to Fly Solo?From a legal standpoint, Asake has every right to leave YBNL if his contract has expired.
It's a business arrangement with a beginning and an end.
But morality?
ThatTMs where things get murkier.
If AsakeTMs career had faltered, no one would bat an eye at his decision to leave YBNL.
The narrative would likely shift to how YBNL didnTMt do enough to support him.
Success, however, changes the stakes.
This isnTMt unique to Asake.
WizkidTMs departure from EME, Burna Boy leaving Aristokrat Records, and even Davido setting up his own DMW after a brief stint with HKNthese stories all follow a similar arc.
For Asake, the perception is different.
HeTMs barely two years into his reign, and the decision to leave feels premature to some, calculated to others.A Gamble on IndependenceGoing independent is not for the faint-hearted.
It requires a robust team, deep pockets, and a strategy that extends beyond the next hit single.
Yes, Asake now has the visibility and financial muscle to chart his own course, but he also risks losing the structure and guidance that YBNL provided.Will he thrive as an independent artiste, or will he stumble under the weight of expectations?
Only time will tell.
WhatTMs clear is that heTMll have to contend with a more cutthroat music business, where the stakes are higher, and the safety nets are fewer.What remains is the Will this be remembered as a savvy career move or a cautionary tale?
But as history has shown, not all artistes who leave their labels at the height of their fame manage to sustain that success.For now, all eyes are on Asake.
The road ahead will determine whether his decision to leave YBNL was a gamble worth taking or a misstep in an otherwise spectacular career.
And for YBNL, itTMs back to the drawing boardbecause in the end, the music business waits for no one.TrendyBeatzAnd Fireboy the loyal lad has been there still loyal.
Yet olamide didn't promote him like Asake.
Big gamble.
It's not easy to be loyalike fireboy and Adekunle Gold.Fireboys music were melodies to my ears.
Pray he finds his touch
How many years contract did he sign?
He didnTMt renew after no big deal.
Asake got cursed the day he cajoled the Catholic Church in one of his useless videos.right from that day the count down to his fall began.
TrendyBeatzanalyzes Asake's exit of YBNL!When whispers about Asake's departure from YBNL began circulating in December, it felt inevitable.
The label that turned the young upcoming artiste from the streets of Lagos into a global Afrobeats phenomenon in just two years might be losing its prized asset.
Born Ololade Ahmed,Asakehad spent a decade as an underground hustlerdabbling in dance, churning out music, and barely moving the needle.
His fortunes changed in 2022, thanks to an introduction facilitated by his friend, Yhemo Lee, to the godfather of Nigerian street-pop, Olamide.OlamidedidnTMt just sign Asake; he threw the entire weight of YBNL behind him.
From co-signs on tracks like Omo Ope to roping in Burna Boy for Sungba (Remix), Olamide went all in.
The visionary business partnership between YBNL and Empire ensured Asake's music reached farther shores, making him a staple in UK and US Afrobeats circuits.
Add TG OmoriTMs cinematic visualseight in totaland you have the makings of an unstoppable cultural force.
AsakeTMs journey seemed like a perfectly executed blueprint for success.But success has a way of complicating relationships.
OlamideTMs fingerprints were noticeably absentno guest verses, no songwriting credits.
The project felt disconnected, starkly contrasting the laser-focused cohesion of Mr.
And when reports emerged that Olamide had offered an improved deal, only for Asake to decline and choose independence, the rupture felt complete.Is It Time to Fly Solo?From a legal standpoint, Asake has every right to leave YBNL if his contract has expired.
It's a business arrangement with a beginning and an end.
But morality?
ThatTMs where things get murkier.
If AsakeTMs career had faltered, no one would bat an eye at his decision to leave YBNL.
The narrative would likely shift to how YBNL didnTMt do enough to support him.
Success, however, changes the stakes.
This isnTMt unique to Asake.
WizkidTMs departure from EME, Burna Boy leaving Aristokrat Records, and even Davido setting up his own DMW after a brief stint with HKNthese stories all follow a similar arc.
For Asake, the perception is different.
HeTMs barely two years into his reign, and the decision to leave feels premature to some, calculated to others.A Gamble on IndependenceGoing independent is not for the faint-hearted.
It requires a robust team, deep pockets, and a strategy that extends beyond the next hit single.
Yes, Asake now has the visibility and financial muscle to chart his own course, but he also risks losing the structure and guidance that YBNL provided.Will he thrive as an independent artiste, or will he stumble under the weight of expectations?
Only time will tell.
WhatTMs clear is that heTMll have to contend with a more cutthroat music business, where the stakes are higher, and the safety nets are fewer.What remains is the Will this be remembered as a savvy career move or a cautionary tale?
But as history has shown, not all artistes who leave their labels at the height of their fame manage to sustain that success.For now, all eyes are on Asake.
The road ahead will determine whether his decision to leave YBNL was a gamble worth taking or a misstep in an otherwise spectacular career.
And for YBNL, itTMs back to the drawing boardbecause in the end, the music business waits for no one.TrendyBeatzLife goes on.
Can only pray and wish a brother well!Dear Lord, Please forgive us for all the sins we have brought upon us.
And look down upon us with forgiveness for the the sins we will have in the future.
I know you understand that niggas ain't perfect, but we try lord.
This is a bad time, show us the way.
And if you can't show us the way, then forgive us for being lost.Amen
Must Ashake die under YBNL?He signed a 2-year contract with YBNL.
His contract is over and he has to move on with his own brand - Giran.
Nothing wrong at all.
He delivered well under YBNL.Even Olamide himself had to move on and started his YBNL brand.
It's just life.No hatred nor betrayal anywhere unless y'all bloggers just want to start one.
They are still cool.
Life effing goes on.Can only wish a brother well.
Why leave something that's working for you...
Where is reekado banks and lil Kesh today after leaving their bosses?
Bas ass
Asake got cursed the day he cajoled the Catholic Church in one of his useless videos.right from that day the count down to his fall began.how did he cajoled catholic church or plz what is the meaning of cajoled
most artists that exited their label prematurely couldnTMt survive after their first year.on a second thought seems like olamide took a precautionary gamble by signing him for just two years to test his abilities.
How many years contract did he sign?
He didnTMt renew after no big deal.
Life goes onOlamide`s YBNL mostly allows onlybiennialbiannual contracts and mostly doesnt encourage re-newal.Fixed.
Biennial is correct.
Biannual is "semi annual", every 6 monthsi knew someone will fall for my word-used bait, @ airsaylongcome try go check and see that the wordused is correct.Seniorwriter.
Fireboi was on hold because of My money - Now the time to explore has come.true...Olamide wan finish Fireboy just because of Asake
Asaka is bigger than YBNL
The Anambra State Police Command has arrested Christian Ndubuisi in connection with the fatal stabbing of his elder brother during an altercation.The incident, described by the state Commissioner of Police, Ikioye Orutugu, as tragic and unfortunate, has sparked renewed calls for peaceful conflict resolution within communities.In a statement released on Sunday, police spokesman, SP Tochukwu Ikenga, confirmed that Ndubuisi was apprehended on Saturday by police operatives attached to the 3-3 Divisional Headquarters, following a report of the incident.Ikenga outlined the details of the crime, stating, On February 15, 2025, operatives acted swiftly on a report and arrested Christian Ndubuisi, who allegedly killed his elder brother over a minor disagreement.He explained that during the fight, the suspect broke a bottle and used it to stab his brother.When rushed to the hospital, the victim was confirmed dead by a doctor on duty.The Commissioner of Police expressed his condolences, describing the situation as a tragic reminder of the need for conflict resolution and anger management.It is very tragic to hear that a minor disagreement escalated into a violent confrontation, resulting in the loss of life, CP Orutugu remarked.He assured all that the case would be transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department in Awka for further investigation, with a commitment to ensuring justice is served.
Thou shall not kill but you can when been in a dare situation of asiliant.Your sibiling can get on your nerves but leaving the vicinity entirely is the wisest thing ever.Just as your spouse can get on your nerves and traveling away from home can bring long time peace and cohabiting.Minor issues can be resolved using ultimate wisdom.
Nz0gbu Nz0gbu c0ward ch3stb3ating...
see what it has caused.The 2 brothers were fighting over who would wear the skirt and hide under the bed  Monday.
Okay now
OsuAlusi
Land issues
Another one killed his brother over food the other time.I doubt if they can be up to 10 to start that their Biafra.
Smh
Hmmm
Anambra heaven where they perpetrate no evil
1 Fulani man ESN didn't kill, they spent all their bullets killing each other.Dora Akunyili husband was shot dead on the street because they were angry with FG...Lost
Our people are just too violent and aggressive.Always aggravating issues that are minor.
Anambra is gone
[b][/b]Hmmm
A hungry man is always an angry man.
People r boiling and looking to pour and vent all their anger, frustration, and depression.
This isn't good
What's happening in anambala?What a sad news
AnambraOgunEbonyiBenueThese states are topping current affairs with bad bad news
Haba manaNot againPeter Obi
I know he's regretting right now!!!
But he should be put to death as well for others to learn!!!
Always manage your Anger !!!!
The Katsina State Independent Electoral Commission, KTSIEC, said that the All Progressives Congress, APC, candidates have won all the 34 Chairmanship and 361 Councilorship positions contested during SaturdayTMs election.The chairman of the commission, Lawal Faskari, made the disclosure at a press briefing on Sunday in Katsina.
Mr Faskari said that five political parties participated in the election.According to the chairman, the parties Accord Party, AP; Booth Party, BP; African Action Congress, AAC; African Democratic Party, ADC and; All Progressives Congress, APC.He said that the election was free, fair and credible.Mr Faskari commended the electorate for their contribution in making the exercise peaceful and credible.He further commended the staffers of the commission, ad-hoc staffers, independent election observers and other stakeholders for their roles in ensuring a hitch-free exercise.
HOUSE, KATSINAPRESS RELEASEAPC Sweeping Victory Across 34 LGs in Katsina Reflects Public Confidence in Our Party - Governor RaddaKatsina State Governor, Malam Dikko Umaru Radda, has extended congratulations to the 34 newly elected local government chairmen in Katsina, following Saturday's council elections.The Governor, in his congratulatory message hailed the peaceful and transparent electoral process that marked the undeniable milestone in the state's democracy journey."The peaceful conduct of yesterday's elections is nothing but a show of maturity of our democracy and the commitment of our people to peaceful political participation," Governor Radda said.The Governor added that the absence of electoral violence and the impressive voter turnout was as a result of citizens' dedication to democratic principles."The sweeping victory of the All Progressives Congress (APC) across the local governments reflects public confidence in our party's governance.
More importantly, the overwhelming mandate validates noticeable investment we have built in the people of Katsina State and the various development projects we have initiated since assuming office," Governor Radda asserted.In the Governor's message to the chairmen-elect, Radda advocated for the importance of aligning with the state's "Building Your Future" agenda."This development framework must be replicated at the grassroots level to ensure uniform progress in our state," the Governor explained.Governor Radda particularly hammered on the need to sustain and strengthen the State Government Community Development Programme (CDP).The Governor further charged the incoming chairmen to prioritize inclusive governance as enshrined in the State Government CDP.
"The dividends of democracy must reach every citizen, regardless of political affiliation," he declared."I urged you to uphold the party's reputation through transparent leadership, zero tolerance for corruption and most importantly effective utilization of local government autonomy," the Governor said.The Governor, however, expressed deep appreciation to the good people of Katsina State for their staunch belief in the  All Progressives Congress (APC) by repaying the positive impact made in various communities with massive votes at the polls.Governor Radda wishes the newly elected officials a successful stay in office.16th February, 2025
Elupee.Top to Bottom.
So labour party didn't get anything    with all the sub standard bohe hole donated to them by peter obi
This must be a fake newsThe same Katsina they beat the APC aspirant some days agoHeadache go grab some people tonight.
This must be a fake newsThe same Katsina they beat the APC aspirant some days agoHeadache go grab some people tonight.
This must be a fake newsThe same Katsina they beat the APC aspirant some days agoHeadache go grab some people tonight.The masses are fighting misgovernance; fighting for their lives; fighting for their future.
No steady power supply.
Massive poverty.
Yet u mock our cry for liberation.
Resuscitate ur conscience guy
We are taking it all.Come 2027 Nigeria will be a one party state.We remain the greatest political party on the African continent
That's why bandits still ravage them
Lol
APC all the way
That's why bandits still ravage themOs that unknown gunmen are kidnapping and killing your people?
OKPrincess Faith Chukwu
North is Batified
Actually APC could won all the Seats (without rigging) considering the election is chairmanship and councils, many people are not even aware election was held.
The election that is serious to people in that region is particularly President followed by the Governorship.
People donTMt have a  big problem with APC at the state and LG levels butyou see that presidential election?
ItTMs a big no no for Bulaba and his Agbadorians.If you disagree, then why did Sanwo Olu win his governorship election bid while Bulaba lost in the same state even after much violence and intimidation?
Actually APC could won all the Seats (without rigging) considering the election is chairmanship and councils, many people are not even aware election was held.
The election that is serious to people in that region is particularly President followed by the Governorship.All politics is local.
All politica is local.Yes and at the same local level Sanwo Olu won while Bulaba lost, and 2027 they will show him pepper
Yes and at the same local level Sanwo Olu won while Bulaba lost, and 2027 they will show him pepperTo lose means to not get your 25%.
Hmm
To lose means to not get your 25%.
Keep fooling yourself.
Politics is about wins and losses but somehow you think Bulaba is some type of king/kingmaker outside his region that canTMt lose reelection
DonTMt worry 2027 is coming.
Keep fooling yourself.
Politics is about wins and losses but somehow you think Bulaba is some type of king/kingmaker outside his region that canTMt lose reelectionOk
This is no news!This is expected considering the flawed nature of the state electoral system without any independence!Any governor of a state determines which party or aspirant that will win the LGA polls which is unfortunate and unacceptable!Moving forward,as part of electoral reforms,the state electoral commission just like INEC should operate as an independent agency by taking away the authority of political office holders to determine who attains any position!
As expected so let them chew on what ever befall on them later on
The masses are fighting misgovernance; fighting for their lives; fighting for their future.
No steady power supply.
Massive poverty.
Yet u mock our cry for liberation.
Resuscitate ur conscience guyVote Sowore.
The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Kayode Adeolu Egbetokun has approved the expansion of Gender-Based Violence (GBV) desk offices to all police divisions across Nigeria, ABN TV reports.This move is aimed at strengthening the fight against gender-based violence and ensuring easier access to justice for victims.Previously limited to zonal and state commands, the GBV desks will now be present at the divisional level, providing prompt and specialized attention to cases of violence against women, children, and other vulnerable individuals.
The IGP has also directed the appointment of qualified officers as GBV desk officers in all divisions.
These officers will undergo specialized training to enhance their ability to handle GBV cases professionally and sensitively.In addition to their role in addressing GBV cases, the newly appointed desk officers will oversee the Juvenile, Women, and Children (JWC) section in their respective divisions.
This integration is expected to create a more comprehensive and victim-centered approach to handling cases of abuse and violence.The Nigeria Police Force has reiterated its commitment to protecting the rights of victims and ensuring swift justice delivery.
The expansion of the GBV desk offices is seen as a proactive response to the increasing need for specialized interventions in addressing gender-based violence.
Good move
My friend Chinedu said the same thing this morning..He said they should be tagging Trump , Elon Musk and Benjamin Netanyahu of what's happening to the Igbos in Lagos and South East, Nigeria in general so that Trump will get angry and sign an executive order to relocate all Igbos to Israel and US immediately just as he did for the white South Africans....funny guy indeed
OdiegwuWas this not what the former Minister of women affairs was trying to pursue using her ministry?Welcome development thoughLet's see how it is implementedBecause in all honesty, GBV is deeply entrenched in some cultures and traditions.
This man still has the constitutional rights to be dishing out orders?Anyway it's about effectiveness not just giving out order and I suggest all the officers should be female to avoid cases of the kpekus hungry police men talking advantage of those women and beautiful girls that may have been taken advantage of and in the course of reporting, the officers take more advantage as a condition for compliance
Do we also have where we can report corrupt police officers.?The IGP should have a special desk at every police division for that
Good move
This is not the right approach to domestic violence.Domestic violence is perpetrated by both genders, especially by women in our present day Nigeria where knife stabbing is now the preferred defence excuse.
This man still has the constitutional rights to be dishing out orders?Anyway it's about effectiveness not just giving out order and I suggest all the officers should be female to avoid cases of the kpekus hungry police men talking advantage of those women and beautiful girls that may have been taken advantage of and in the course of reporting, the officers take more advantage as a condition for complianceSo you want women to be the handler of a case women  stereotype themselves to always be the victims.where will balance come from,
Illegal IGP
With due respect sir.
Even in USA DEI office that promotes all these balance balance has been  closed by trump on day one of his presidency
My friend Chinedu said the same thing this morning..He said they should be tagging Trump , Elon Musk and Benjamin Netanyahu of what's happening to the Igbos in Lagos and South East, Nigeria in general so that Trump will get angry and sign an executive order to relocate all Igbos to Israel and US immediately just as he did for the white South Africans....funny guy indeed                            Yes o let's watch the prison growth.
This is not the right approach to domestic violence.Domestic violence is perpetrated by both genders, especially by women in our present day Nigeria where knife stabbing is now the preferred defence excuse.
Violence isn't gender specific, women initiate violence against children that isn't theirs, women also initiate violence against men but somehow men aren't even in the equation of things.The last incident at Unizk, assuming it was a male student that assaulted a female lecturer, that student in addition to the expulsion will be prosecuted for aggravated assault in a court of competent jurisdiction but somehow its a woman no one is talking about prosecution to serve as deterrence to others who will want to repeat such stupid feats.Everyone matters, the men are also vulnerable like others
With due respect sir.
Even in USA DEI office that promotes all these balance balance has been  closed by trump on day one of his presidencyDiversity and inclusion has absolutely nothing to do with gender-based violence.
You also should learn to think reasonably - we do what is right for us not what others are doing.
Violence isn't gender specific, women initiate violence against children that isn't theirs, women also initiate violence against men but somehow men aren't even in the equation of things.The last incident at Unizk, assuming it was a male student that assaulted a female lecturer, that student in addition to the expulsion will be prosecuted for aggravated assault in a court of competent jurisdiction but somehow its a woman no one is talking about prosecution to serve as deterrence to others who will want to repeat such stupid feats.Everyone matters, the men are also vulnerable like othersBoth you and he are just silly.
If a man is assaulted, what stops him from reporting the case like any other?The rationale for providing expedited and enhanced protection for women and children is the fact that statistically, men are more likely to physically abuse women, and physiologically, a women are far likelier to get seriously hurt by men rather than vice versa.Again, if you have a woman who abuses you, you have every right to walk into a police state and seek justice too.
Why must it be Gender Based?.....violence against women...children and others.
Children come under gender?
...and which beothers?...gays and lesbians and queers and transgenders?
Why not a simpleAbuse and Violencedesk?
Both you and he are just silly.
If a man is assaulted, what stops him from reporting the case like any other?The rationale for providing expedited and enhanced protection for women and children is the fact that statistically, men are more likely to physically abuse women, and physiologically, a women are far likelier to get seriously hurt by men rather than vice versa.Again, if you have a woman who abuses you, you have every right to walk into a police state and seek justice too.Do you know what silly mean?
If you tell me i will respond to your other comment
Good move, but let them know also that men suffer domestic violence in the hands of women.
More like playing to the gallery.ItTMs due to the ineffectiveness of our police force that we now have an agency in charge of every security-related area e.g.
hope they will also take case of violence against men seriously and not laugh over it.
The illegal IGP?
Both you and he are just silly.
May be an idiot.
NDLEA busts trans-border drug cartel, arrests 4 members in Onitsha, Keffi...Recovers multi-million-naira opioids from Sienna bus bumper, meth in auto spare part, others in Anambra, Cross River, Nasarawa, Taraba, Ekiti, Lagos interdictionsOperatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, have busted a trans-border drug trafficking syndicate, arresting four members in intelligence-led operations during which multi-million-naira worth of tramadol pills concealed in the bumper and false bottom of sienna buses heading to border towns were recovered.Following weeks of intelligence and surveillance operations by operatives of the Directorate of Intelligence in NDLEA, a Sienna bus marked ABJ 452 HG was intercepted at Nasarawa- Toto road, Keffi, Nasarawa state on Tuesday 27th January 2025 at 6am.
Two Zahradeen Adamu, 27 and Abubakar Usman, 44, were arrested in the vehicle coming from Onitsha, Anambra state enroute Yola, Adamawa state.
A second Sienna bus driven by Abba Usman, 48, was also intercepted.During a search of the two vehicles, specially constructed steel compartments were discovered after the removal of the back bumper where a total of 190, 960 pills of tramadol were concealed and, in the space, designed to house the spare tyre of the vehicles.Investigations revealed that an Onitsha, Anambra state-based dealer, Kingsley Mbaeri was the supplier of the seized tramadol consignment.
A swift follow up operation led to the arrest of Mbaeri at his Uga Street, Onitsha home on 29th January.
Two a Toyota Corolla car marked FGG 948 MF and a Toyota Sienna bus marked GWA 23 HH were recovered from his house.In another interdiction, operatives of the Intelligence Department intercepted a commercial bus coming from Onitsha, Anambra State at Abaji checkpoint, FCT Abuja on 4th February.
A passenger in the bus, Chimezie Henry Ojingwa, 32, carrying motor spare parts in a black bag was arrested.
When his bag was searched, 404.47grams of methamphetamine; 506.49grams of Loud, a synthetic strain of cannabis and 262.32grams of dimethyl sulfone, a precursor substance for mixing meth, all of which were concealed in the motor parts were recovered.In Cross River state, NDLEA officers on patrol along Ogoja -Abakaliki road, Yahe, on Thursday 13th February intercepted 170,000 pills of tramadol in a truck driven by Paul Chukwudi, 31, while operatives at the Apapa seaport in Lagos on Tuesday 11th February recovered 85,400 bottles of codeine-based syrup in a container imported from India.Two Halilu Isa and Gambo Umaru were nabbed at Bama road, Maiduguri, Borno state on Friday 14th February with 60 compressed blocks of skunk, a strain of cannabis, weighing 72kg, while NDLEA operatives in Ekiti state on Tuesday 11th February raidedA notorious drug joint at Iloda street, Ikole-Ekiti where they arrested three Bala Muhammed, 57; Yahaya Adamu, 55, and Abdullahi Shehu, 30.
A total of 83 kilograms of skunk were recovered from them.In Lagos, 28-year-old Samiat Olabisi Yussuf was on Saturday 15th February arrested by operatives during a raid of her Lekki home where 169.5 litres of nitrous oxide popularly known as laughing gas and 111grams of Loud were recovered.
Not less than 132.84 kilograms of skunk were recovered from two Ibrahim Usman, 40, and Solomon James, 40, in Taraba.
While Usman was nabbed with 88kg of Arizona and Ghana Loud at Wukari, James was arrested with 44.84kg of same substance at Takanaba, Sabongari, in Jalingo LGA.Meanwhile, across the country, NDLEA Commands continued their War Against Drug Abuse, WADA, sensitization lectures and advocacy visits to worship centres, schools, workplaces, palaces of traditional rulers and communities all through the past week.
Instances WADA sensitization lecture to students and staff of Government Technical College, Oku, Akwa Ibom; Future Leaders Academy, Kishi, Oyo state; Government Secondary School, Bashire, Sokoto; Ehere Comprehensive School, Ogbor Hill, Abia; Government Day Secondary School, Taura, Jigawa state; and Jesuit College, Agbado Ekiti, Ekiti state; while Kano state command of NDLEA conducted WADA enlightenment lecture for married women in purdah at Markaz Umar Bn Khattab Centre, Kano, among others.While commending the officers and men of Directorate of Intelligence, Apapa, Cross River, Borno, Ekiti, Taraba, and Lagos Commands of the Agency for the arrests and seizures of the past week, Chairman/Chief Executive Officer of NDLEA, Brig.
Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Rtd) also applauded their compatriots in all the commands across the country for intensifying the WADA sensitization lectures and advocacy messages to every part of their areas of responsibility.Femi BabafemiDirector, Media & AdvocacyNDLEA Headquarters AbujaSunday 16th February 2025
-
Wazobia
Name checkersWelcomeBut it's like it's everyone that is involved this time
The 3 major tribes well represented...
Disgraceful...
Where is LegendHero, the Chief of IgboPhobic goons in nairaland?Since this list has a Yoruba Muslim, he has hid his Face.
OK,lots of youths are wasting on the street because of Drugs ,meanwhile this drug dealers will not want their children to take such drugs ,wickedness ,let them be dealt with.Princess Faith Chukwu
Businessmen
the headquarters of drug traffickers 1
With love from Chicago
These are just foot soldiers.
They are not the cartel.
These are just foot soldiers.
They are not the cartel.Cartel far from these ones
All are represented
All regions included.....Welcome to the ZOO called Nigeria
These are just foot soldiers.
I noticed some regular commentators have left this thread cos they can't comfortably bash the "enemy" tribe.Keep hating on yourselves while those you worship are still expanding their network.
HmmmThe cursed tribe and their crime culture.They have destroyed our reputation abroad
Bola TinubuThe Chicago white powder boyAnd his workers
The main manBola Tinubuis hiding in Aso rock
Man U is not bankrupt,  man U can't spend above their earnings due to financial fair play You have had those formations from ages past...
Why then have you been sacking coaches?!!Why did you sack ETH then?!!433 failed to work with these players, 3 at the rear is failing to work...
Which one will work?!!A club that has been hiring and firing legends like Mourinho and LVG, and you are here condemning yet another coach.Which formation should Guardiola have changed to when he was losing left right and center recently?!!Your entire club is in a mess!
Face that fact, and stop looking for an easy scapegoat.Even relegation will be the least of your worries soon...!Your club is almost bankrupt and can't sign good players because they lack funds due to inability to groom and sell.Why do you think Rashford and Antony were pushed out on loan?!!
Forget all that media noise of Amorim disliking Rashford.Your club is financially toast, and it will take a miracle to save United this season.
Nobody needs the money in your community?10M naira up for Grabs...Salary earners and Business Owners can applyLimited space!
No Paperwork!!
No Guarantor Needed.Chat only Whatsapp08038545259MichealBusiness Manager
Man U is not bankrupt,  man U can't spend above their earnings due to financial fair play ruleYeah...
I used the word "bankrupt" loosely there.They aren't earning, infact they are losing money, so they can't run the club successfully.They can't spend out of their own pockets (the owners are Billionaires) due to FFP rules.So, they need to cut costs while trying to maximise earnings...
That's why they sent those players out on loan, and won't be renewing contracts of Casemiro, Erikson and others.
cursing an innocent father makes people know how untrained you modafucker is!INNOCENT KILL YOU THERE
Bruno is so useless
If man utd lose...
they'll still stay in 15?
Okkk.
A representation of a match between two bottom table teams.
While Chelsea is chasing man u, man u is actually running backwards.
How are the mighty fallen
Amorin looks clueless
Bring back Ferguson and Howard Webb
He seem clueless.
While Chelsea is chasing man u, man u is actually running backwards.
How are the mighty fallenThey want Chelsea to enter relegation zone with them.
He should have made changes but forget it!United was never winning or drawing this game.
The coach is just not smart and not suited to coach bigger clubsExactly my point, you have been playing ur favorite pattern of football since u came in and it's not working why can't u just change back to the system u met on ground at least with that we ar sure of winning some games, he's too stubborn for my liking jare
Yeah...
This team is poor.
I was just laughing.
Spurs that would return to factory setting in the next game now kept a clean sheet.
Wonders shall never end!
They would have saved him.
I saw the way he bowed his head deep in the second half and I can tell that  he is tired.
ETH went through this and I'm not surprised.
The number one Why did amorin leave sporting CP?
Irate youths have reportedly burnt down a Police Division in Ifon, Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State.This is as a result of the death of a young man, who was allegedly tortured to death in police custody.Although the tragic incident occurred on Saturday evening, full details were still sketchy as of Sunday when this report was filed.Daily Trust learnt from sources in Ifon, a community sharing border town with Edo State, that the death of the boy triggered protest among residents and friends of the deceased.One of the sources who spoke in confidence told our reporter on Sunday that the incident stemmed from a crisis that occurred on ValentineTMs Day.He said the protesters mobilised to the police station after learning about the victimTMs death.He explained that the police were overpowered by the protestors who stormed the station, heavily charged.When contacted, Funmilayo Odunlami-Omisanya, Police Public Relations Officer in the state, confirmed the incident, saying more policemen have been drafted to the town.She added that the Commissioner of Police, Wilfred Afolabi, was already on his way to Ifon to restore peace and prevent any further violence in the area.
I dedicate "Fire Fire" by Daddy Showkey to this.Funny jam!
These police act so uncivilized most of the times, this is why I hardly sympathize or have empathy for them when they die or suffer any harm
Naija police always  behave in a way that  makes people  show them empathy and respect
Hmmmm
Why
I dedicateCrazy by Tems.
Great jam
Lawless country.Lawless militaryLawless citizensEverything sucks
I dedicate "Fire Fire" by Daddy Showkey to this.Funny jam!this man, where have you been?
May God heal this country
Pathetic
They should be fished out and brought to book.
If the boy were  their son.
Some people are willing to fuel Endsars 3.0.
When the police said they can start checking insurance of drivers, I said it will only be a matter of time before the people react.
This news is about the youth reacting to high handedness of police.This is as a result of the death of a young man, who was allegedly tortured to death in police custody.
Useless idiots will support the irate mob but when it happens to other regions they will support the police!
Maybe those arsonists were hired from Nigerians that live abroad as Pa Akande said Endsars protesters were hired from abroad.
.the said part is they will tell you they are on top of the situation and investigating the matter.
And after that you will never hear from the matter again.
I dedicate "Fire Fire" by Daddy Showkey to this.Funny jam!There is fire on the mountain - AsaThis is as a result of the death of a young man, who was allegedly tortured to death in police custodyPolice is not your friend in this part of the world
Nigerian police again?
Another one?
Nigerian police force is a sketchy representation of what the country looks like
violence 2nd name of 9ja
Useless idiots will support the irate mob but when it happens to other regions they will support the police!No reasonable human will support destruction of public infrastructure.Me and you will pay for the reconstruction through our taxes.
PRESIDENT TINUBU CONGRATULATES NASIR EL-RUFAI ON 65TH BIRTHDAYPresident Bola Tinubu congratulates Mallam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai on his 65th birthday.Mallam El-Rufai is an administrator, scholar, and politician.
He is a founding member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and highly regarded for his resourcefulness and brilliance.He served as governor of Kaduna State for eight years, and prior to elective office, he had served as Director-General of the Bureau of Public Enterprises, and Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) from 2003 to 2007.President Tinubu celebrates Mallam El-Rufai on this occasion and commends his endeavours for democracy; his meritorious service to the nation, and mentorship of the younger generation.The President acknowledges Mallam El-Rufai's role in the dialogues leading up to the formation of the APC and his contributions to the success of the party in the three consecutive elections of 2015, 2019, and 2023.President Tinubu wishes El-Rufai good health and strength for continuous service to the nation.
Tinubu still holds El-Rufai in high esteem because he knows the immense contributions El-Rufai made towards his emergence as the APC presidential candidate and subsequently the president of Nigeria.El-Rufai is too strategic to ignore, especially in the context of northern Nigeria, and Tinubu understands this fact.Forget the rantings of Reno Omokri and his fellow hordes of urchinstons, BATerians, Agbadorians and paid agents who do nothing but engage in frivolous rantings on social media, looking for likes.
You can never understand this type of person strategy.
Tinubu still holds El-Rufai in high esteem because he knows the immense contributions El-Rufai made towards his emergence as the APC presidential candidate and subsequently the president of Nigeria.El-Rufai is too strategic to ignore, especially in the context of northern Nigeria, and Tinubu understands this fact.Forget the rantings of Reno Omokri and his fellow hordes of urchinstons, BATerians, Agbadorians and paid agents who do nothing but engage in frivolous rantings on social media, looking for likes.
and he thinks going to press with a birthday wish will change what has been done by Yoruba against the North and itTMs elderly statement just like that..Hahahahahaha  this.
Or he thinks he doesnTMt see all the insults ?When the Lagos Igbo man made a statement to APC of dangers in ignoring Mallam..
didnTMt the Yoruba people insulted El-Rufai the more and even igbokwe got served ..Now they will come online to gbo gbo on how both El-Rufai and Tinubu where best of friends and tried to change narratives  of what theyTMve singing all along ..El-Rufai will be betraying Arewa if he makes any thing called peace with beyirebe and will forever lose relevance in Northern NigeriaYou need to be a northerner to understand the ways of the north ..
The game is Tinubu is the master of 48 laws of power, he is using law two and three on that short Kaduna ex politicians turn content creator,Law Never Put too Much Trust in Friends, Learn How to Use Keep a close eye on your friends  they get envious and will undermine you.
If you co-opt an enemy, heTMll be more loyal than a friend because heTMll try harder to prove himself worthy of your trust.Law Conceal Your Always hide your true intentions.
Create a smokescreen.
If you keep people off-balance and in the dark, they canTMt counter your efforts
using the governor and playing the natural chameleonic beyirebe..But Mallam and Arewa knows Yoruba people too well..
and he thinks going to press with a birthday wish will change what has been done by Yoruba against the North and itTMs elderly statement just like that..Hahahahahaha  this.
Or he thinks he doesnTMt see all the insults ?When the Lagos Igbo man made a statement to APC of dangers in ignoring Mallam..
didnTMt the Yoruba people insulted El-Rufai the more and even igbokwe got served ..Now they will come online to gbo gbo on how both El-Rufai and Tinubu where best of friends and tried to change narratives  of what theyTMve singing all along ..El-Rufai will be betraying Arewa if he makes any thing called peace with beyirebe and will forever lose relevance in Northern NigeriaYou need to be a northerner to understand the ways of the north ..
in everything
Yoruba people..Southern Unity is DEAD.
Politics should not be do or die.
But some people need to grow up.
Once you criticize their Messiah they Start cursing you.
Tinubu still holds El-Rufai in high esteem because he knows the immense contributions El-Rufai made towards his emergence as the APC presidential candidate and subsequently the president of Nigeria.El-Rufai is too strategic to ignore, especially in the context of northern Nigeria, and Tinubu understands this fact.Forget the rantings of Reno Omokri and his fellow hordes of urchinstons, BATerians, Agbadorians and paid agents who do nothing but engage in frivolous rantings on social media, looking for likes.
Tinubu has been dealing to weak his support base..
using the governor and playing the natural chameleonic beyirebe..But Mallam and Arewa knows Yoruba people too well..
infact thee gave Yoruba that name ..
and he thinks going to press with a birthday wish will change what has been done by Yoruba against the North and itTMs elderly statement just like that..Hahahahahaha  this.
Or he thinks he doesnTMt see all the insults ?When the Lagos Igbo man made a statement to APC of dangers in ignoring Mallam..
didnTMt the Yoruba people insulted El-Rufai the more and even igbokwe got served ..Now they will come online to gbo gbo on how both El-Rufai and Tinubu where best of friends and tried to change narratives  of what theyTMve singing all along ..El-Rufai will be betraying Arewa if he makes any thing called peace with beyirebe and will forever lose relevance in Northern NigeriaYou need to be a northerner to understand the ways of the north ..
in everythingHmmmmmmm!
Yoruba people..Southern Unity is DEAD.Are you okay at all, President Tinubu hails El Rufai and you are talking about Southern Unity.
Classic Jagaban strategy of engineering chaos, feigning innocence and then seeking to play both sides.
After sidelining him and empowering all his political adversaries to come and feast where he sowed.
He doesn't even need to leave the APC, the North will take dressings from his body language and do the needful.
Two can play the game."Unless betrayed, our loyalty and fidelity to friends are permanent and pensionable.
Very PresidentialHeTMs Jagaban for a reason
One thief hailing another
you means the same Kaduna that PDP won?Yes, same one.
They only managed to win the gubernatorial through voter suppression and by invoking tribal sentiments.
Buhari, Ribadu, Ganduje et al lost their states to Atiku, but out of all these people, it's only Elrufai (his most vocal Northern champion) whom you guys accuse of working against Tinubu, just to provide justification for your betrayal.When are you guys going to admit that Tinubu was grossly unpopular in 2023 and now, even more so (he's been tested now and found lacking).
He won with the least margin ever in Nigeria's political history.
Despite all these, the numbers still show that the core North delivered Tinubu through the margins he got, at the time when even most Yorubas were too timid to openly support his campaign for fear of obidients (5.5m out of his 8.3m total was from the North.Tinubu does not even have the entire Southern base in his grip and could only salvage 4 out of 6 states in the Southwest, 1 state out of 6 in the Southsouth (Rivers state under questionable circumstances) and zero state in the Southeast.
It wasnTMt the Northern minorities that made Tinubu president (they mostly voted Obi in protest of muslim-muslim ticket).
It was the Northern majority (despite splitting their votes 3 ways between Tinubu, a very formidable Northern Atiku and to a lesser extent, Kwankwaso who still got over a million votes).
To totally get the votes of Northern minorities, Tinubu will have to change his muslim-muslim ticket (suicide) or get CAN and all the pastors to endorse his muslim-muslim ticket (a set trap), all while improving on the economy.
Just give it to Tinubu, he is a real technocrat.JAGABAN, THE LORD OF POLITICS IN NIGERIA.
Play a sucker to catch a sucker (Taqqiyya) Asiwaju tinubu is confusing the hell rufai camp by not revealing is true intentions but destabilizing their mindset not to know when the attack will come like a tsunami
While his worshippers keep abusing and insulting El Rufai..
including Reno the fool.
all for 2027TM.
HahahahahahahaArewa has sailed ..
to trust a beyirebe is haram.
The Yoruba people showed their card too early and has completely lost Amana..Is not about El-Rufai now..
is about the North ..
Arewa  ..the Yoruba people and their government .Yoruba said Tinubu is political god and yet simple tax reform ..
when he will have nothing to lose ..
but to Fvck everyone carelesslyThis people thinks Nigerians are fools..
most funniest is they think 400 tribes reasons like Yoruba ..
and that we all must bow and worship their stupid TinubuGod forbid evil27 is here already by GodTMs grace ..Is Nigerians against the Yoruba god and his tribalistic supportersTinubu must go!!So because he greeted him during one of his best day.
Tinubu is not you igbos that harbour generational hatred.
He doesn't mean they will work together.
Go and read calibre of defectors political sagacity.
Emeka, everything is not about hatred, bitterness and emotions.
Those attributes has cause you people presidency that a major tribe like yours now cry like a kid.
The game is Tinubu is the master of 48 laws of power, he is using law two and three on that short Kaduna ex politicians turn content creator,Law Never Put too Much Trust in Friends, Learn How to Use Keep a close eye on your friends  they get envious and will undermine you.
If you co-opt an enemy, heTMll be more loyal than a friend because heTMll try harder to prove himself worthy of your trust.Law Conceal Your Always hide your true intentions.
Create a smokescreen.
Tinubu still holds El-Rufai in high esteem because he knows the immense contributions El-Rufai made towards his emergence as the APC presidential candidate and subsequently the president of Nigeria.El-Rufai is too strategic to ignore, especially in the context of northern Nigeria, and Tinubu understands this fact.Forget the rantings of Reno Omokri and his fellow hordes of urchinstons, BATerians, Agbadorians and paid agents who do nothing but engage in frivolous rantings on social media, looking for likes.
Classic Jagaban strategy of engineering chaos, feigning innocence and then seeking to play both sides.
After sidelining him and empowering all his political adversaries to come and feast where he sowed.
He doesn't even need to leave the APC, the North will take dressings from his body language and do the needful.
Two can play the game."Unless betrayed, our loyalty and fidelity to friends are permanent and pensionable.
Yoruba people..Southern Unity is DEAD.who cares about southern Unity?Let all southerners do their thingU igbos should follow who u want n Yorubas should follow who they want, them no tie our umbilical cord together
Tinubu has been dealing to weak his support base..
using the governor and playing the natural chameleonic beyirebe..But Mallam and Arewa knows Yoruba people too well..
infact thee gave Yoruba that name ..
and he thinks going to press with a birthday wish will change what has been done by Yoruba against the North and itTMs elderly statement just like that..Hahahahahaha  this.
Or he thinks he doesnTMt see all the insults ?When the Lagos Igbo man made a statement to APC of dangers in ignoring Mallam..
didnTMt the Yoruba people insulted El-Rufai the more and even igbokwe got served ..Now they will come online to gbo gbo on how both El-Rufai and Tinubu where best of friends and tried to change narratives  of what theyTMve singing all along ..El-Rufai will be betraying Arewa if he makes any thing called peace with beyirebe and will forever lose relevance in Northern NigeriaYou need to be a northerner to understand the ways of the north ..
So because he greeted him during one of his best day.
Tinubu is not you igbos that harbour generational hatred.
He doesn't mean they will work together.
Go and read calibre of defectors political sagacity.
Emeka, everything is not about hatred, bitterness and emotions.
Those attributes has cause you people presidency that a major tribe like yours now cry like a kid.Yoruba man ..
am from Kaduna stateChikun local governmentMy wife from kataf..
Tinubu the master game player, Mr president knows how to read whatTMs on the board.
The world is not heaven
Tinubu has been dealing to weak his support base..
using the governor and playing the natural chameleonic beyirebe..But Mallam and Arewa knows Yoruba people too well..
infact thee gave Yoruba that name ..
and he thinks going to press with a birthday wish will change what has been done by Yoruba against the North and itTMs elderly statement just like that..Hahahahahaha  this.
Or he thinks he doesnTMt see all the insults ?When the Lagos Igbo man made a statement to APC of dangers in ignoring Mallam..
didnTMt the Yoruba people insulted El-Rufai the more and even igbokwe got served ..Now they will come online to gbo gbo on how both El-Rufai and Tinubu where best of friends and tried to change narratives  of what theyTMve singing all along ..El-Rufai will be betraying Arewa if he makes any thing called peace with beyirebe and will forever lose relevance in Northern NigeriaYou need to be a northerner to understand the ways of the north ..
in everythingDo you know why I read your comments on nairaland, especially in Politics section?
It is because it reveals the level of envy and hatred the orientals have for the mlow bs and those of us who are proponents of the Yoruba Ronus philosophy.
Your daily wish is to have been created a Yoruba man, you envy our political success,  our rich cultural heritage, our religious tolerance and more importantly, our civilisations.
I will admonish not to commit drink otapiapia,  over Yoruba matters.
If you choose to stay alive, you may be fine, eventually.
insulting cursing and abusing Arewa ..
PRESS CONFERENCE BY HE, SENATOR ADEMOLA ADELEKE, EXECUTIVE GOVERNOR OF OSUN STATE.Gentlemen of the pressI called this press conference to alert the national and global audience about a deliberate plot to create chaos and anarchy in Osun state.
President to be a true democrat, a lover of rule of law, and a believer in the sanctity of the judicial process.
I know, as a matter of fact, that Mr.
President will never authorise a dictatorial violation of the constitution irrespective of who is involved.
It is crucial to add that Mr.
President.
I chose to alert the nation before my people are killed or maimed by a minister  dropping the name of Mr.
President in connivance with the Osun state security operatives obeying unlawful orders.The bone of contention is the brazen effrontery to return to office council chairmen sacked  by a subsisting court Judgment using a different court decision, which has no consequential order.Let me make it clear that the said Council Chairmen were sacked before I was sworn in as governor of Osun State, contrary to the lies being peddled, that the Chairmen and councilors were sacked by my Executive Order.For emphasis, l want to state that I had nothing to do with the sacking of the chairmen and councilors produced by the Osun 2022 local government polls.
The Chairmen and Councilors were sacked by two different judgments of the Federal High Court Osogbo.The script Mr Oyetola is playing is about the most reprehensible abuse of power in this fourth republic capable of untold and unforeseen consequences on the polity.The general public is aware that there were two different Federal  High Court judgments on the local government election of 2022.
The first judgment was on the suit filed by the People Democratic Party (PDP) which sacked the product of the 2022 polls.
The second judgment was on the suit filed by the Action People Party (APP), which also sacked the Chairmen and Councillors produced by the said 2022 Osun Local Government polls.The APC appeal against the judgment obtained by the PDP was partially successful, and the said judgment was struck out  based on the timing of filing, having been filed before the notice of election was published.It needs to be emphasized that the judgment contains no consequential orders.The APC in its amended notice of Appeal, asked the Court of Appeal to reinstate the sacked chairmen and councilors, but the Court of Appeal in its wisdom said it has become an academic exercise.
The request for the reinstatement of the Chairmen and Councilors was not granted.However, the Appeal by the APC against the APP judgment did not succeed at the Court of Appeal, which makes the judgment still subsisting and alive.The Court of Appeal dismissed the APC appeal against the judgment obtained by the APP.
The only legal recourse open to the APC is to appeal the APP judgment and the subsequent rulings of the Court of Appeal to the Supreme Court.The Certified True Copies of both judgements had earlier been forwarded to the Osun state Commissioner of Police, the State Director of DSS and the state Commandant of Civil Defense by the Osun state Attorney General for their information and records.The Certified True Copies of  both judgments are in the public domain.
The judgment of the Court of Appeal on the PDP case was not ambiguous whatsoever.
It simply struck out the PDP suit and did not in any of its paragraphs order the reinstatement of the sacked council chairmen and Councilors.It is very clear that no consequential order was made because the APP case is still subsisting.
Even a layman can comprehend the meaning except those with an agenda to destroy the peace and progress of Osun state.In a democratic society governed by the rule of  law, we all must submit to the law.
If we are dissatisfied with the outcome of a court process, we can appeal to the next court to end at the Supreme Court.
If you are not sure of the meaning and intent of a court judgment, the system expects you to apply for interpretation again through the court system.It is illegal, unconstitutional, and anti-democratic to take the law into your own hands.
For a serving minister, the person of Mr Gboyega Oyetola to lead the charge to violate the constitution and foment violence over a judicial process is not only shameful but is sadism and treason taken too far.We have it on good authority that  Mr Gboyega Oyetola  has instructed the Osun state Commissioner of Police,  the state Director of the DSS and the state Commandant of civil defence corps to mobilise security operatives from within Osun to effect the non existent judgement by forcefully taking over the local governments on Monday.Mr Oyetola and the police boss have been holding a series of meetings on how to effect the illegal operations.We affirm that Mr Gboyega Oyetola has no constitutional authority to issue directives to the security agencies.The fact that Mr Oyetola is nephew of Mr.
President does not confer any such authority on him.We see this as a gross betrayal  of trust reposed in the Osun state security officers by the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.I want to state that the current nefarious activities of Mr Oyetola and bosses of Osun security agencies constitute grave incitement.
These need to stop because we are  neither  interested in resorting to self-help nor in support of violence to resolve political matters.
The Osun State security chiefs should also be called to order.I call on Mr President, to instruct the National Security Adviser, and the Attorney General of the Federation, to personally verify the fact that the Court of Appeal judgement did not reinstate the sacked local government chairmen and councilors and the fact that, there is a subsisting judgement of Court that sacked the Chairmen and Councillors  produced by the 2022 local government polls.The Nigerian public should hold Mr Gboyega Oyetola and the Osun state security chiefs responsible for any breakdown of law and order in the state tomorrow, Monday, and beyond.It is unfortunate that the Osun state security chiefs are taking instructions from Mr Gboyega Oyetola just because he is the nephew of Mr.
President.As much as we will do our best to maintain peace, we call on men and women of goodwill to intervene before it is too late.I thank you for listening
If that's the case, tame him.
You're the CSO of the state.
Oyetola was a total failure when he held sway as governor of the State, he has no business with governance and must not distort or disrupt peace in our dear state.
If that's the case, tame him.
You're the CSO of the state.
Oyetola failed woefully as governor and is currently failing abysmally as the minister of the blue economy.
ThatTMs the kind of individual Tinubu is using to cause chaos and foment trouble in Osun StateThunder  Tinubu
Let the fight begin
Has this man ever in the news for a positive news for once?
2027 is here already.
You know what is funny?I thought about someone reporting Davido to this man then I went to check the age of Oyetola.
It is possible to have a nephew who is your mate but the minister and Tinubu are just 2 years apart.
The Governor is somehow cheeky for reminding us that they are nephews, it has a political undertone
Ok, over to President Tinubu.
His nephew.
How
What can you do?This game is for the big hearted, not for the faint hearted, so get ready for the fight
"Minister of Marine and Blue Economy"Lolz
Tinubu better talk to him.
The evil party call APC is our major problem at the moment.
Apc..
haha
Uncle Bola talk to your Nephew .
Even in Oshogbo they are bridges been constructed .
All this infrastructure left and right is what brings investors and multinationals to the state.
They're even helping the Federal Government by providing transformers to neighborhood highlighten your Presidency commitment to provide Power to all.
I can continue talking but in as much as I know blood is thicker than water,  legacy is thicker than blood.
No one would talk about bloodlines when legacy speak.
Minister of Marine kingdom
You know what is funny?I thought about someone reporting Davido to this man then I went to check the age of Oyetola.
It is possible to have a nephew who is your mate but the minister and Tinubu are just 2 years apart.
Nothing surprising
Oyetola is just too greedy
Asking the public to do what exactly?
Foment not forment.The Oyetola kuku no get work.
One of the most useless Ministers.
Put in charge of a newly created ministry just to be chopping money.On a more serious note, local government elections should start taking place with governorship and presidential elections.
You know what is funny?I thought about someone reporting Davido to this man then I went to check the age of Oyetola.
It is possible to have a nephew who is your mate but the minister and Tinubu are just 2 years apart.
The Governor is somehow cheeky for reminding us that they are nephews, it has a political undertoneMy dad is the last born and has nephews and nieces older than him.
Life and family structure can be somehow.
You're the governor,use your executive power to fight - fight dirty!
A party which has brought nothing to Nigerians except pains and agonies; APC is an evil party!Demola,wake up......stop dancing up and down like some clown!
Former Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, former Labour Party presidential candidate Peter Obi, and the General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, have visited the residence of the late leader of the pan-Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, Pa Ayodele Adebanjo
Sight of admiration of excellence
E
Great man he was.
Only Yoruba man who truly love Igbo people
The beauty of life, everyone will go through the exit door.
I just love baba Adeboye, there was this day he came to St Jude Ebute-Metta.
May the soul of Pa Adebanjo rest in peace.
Nice one
SharpI love this PO and GRV combo
YouTMll read these comments years to come and youTMll be very disappointed with yourself!Disappointed for stating the obvious facts
Bittered about a funeral celebrity?
My friend will you keep kwayet?You see and hear what you wanna see and hear.We see everything.Everywhere he goes he makes noise about it.Or are you saying that he only makes post about his burial attendance but sneaks in and out of weddings, birthday days, retirement parties and many other celebrations??
Let's see if the president will not pay a condolence visit to the family of pa  Adebanjo because he criticised him.
Even Yemi feels like cruising in the bossoms of Peter Obi......Anyone that comes close to Peter Obi, gets to always want to feel at home...
He was a great obedient during his life time, may God give his race the fortitude to bear the lost.
Disappointed for stating the obvious factsWhen the time comes, youTMll know whether itTMs the fact you stated or itTMs fallacy!
See how the two hugged.
Tinubu didn't go?He must be very happy about the demise.May pa Adebanjo soul rest in peace
Pa Adebanjo was Obedient.
Bitter after humiliating you at the election?
We have won three consecutive presidential elections by defeating and humiliating you on three consecutive occasions.
You are the bitter ones, not us.
Even  rotimiSee Rhodes vivor, osibanjo,obi and rotimi.Trust these politicians at your own risk
Yesterday, Sowore posted a video showing a mild drama that occurred during the Lagos State 2025 Marathon between him and Sanwo-OluTMs men.
He shared the video on his X handle, formerly known as Twitter, with the "How occupying a canopy after the Lagos Marathon 10k infuriated some rogue elements who assaulted our crew members and journalists, leading to unprovoked attacks, which led to the seizure of a camera belonging to one of our journalists.
They insisted on viewing and deleting all the content because it caught them live attacking our crew in Lagos."However, Punch newspaper reported today that the Take It Back (TIB) Movement has condemned what it described as a disgraceful attack on its leader, Omoyele Sowore, and movement members during SaturdayTMs Access Bank Lagos City Marathon.According to a statement issued on Saturday by the Director-General of TIB Global, Sowore and his team participated in the 10km race but were met with violence and harassment at the finish line in Eko Atlantic.The statement alleged that thugs, reportedly sponsored by the Lagos State Government, assaulted Sowore and his team, including members of the press."After crossing the finish line, Sowore and his comrades returned to the tents provided for participants, where they sat to address the media, including a Daily Trust reporter who had followed them throughout the race," the statement read.The movement claimed that some individuals approached them, insisting that the space was designated for government dignitaries and that they should vacate the area.Sowore reportedly questioned this assertion, challenging why non-participants were given priority over those who had completed the race.A team member assured the coordinators that they would only be there temporarily while waiting for other team members, after which they left.TIB alleged that about 10 minutes later, a group of thugs launched an unprovoked attack on Sowore, his team, and members of the press."The media crew covering the event was not spared, as they were also harassed and assaulted," the statement alleged.According to TIB, the attackers targeted their equipment, forcibly seizing a camera belonging to a media crew member named Happiness."Her camera was forcefully taken in an attempt to delete footage of the attack," the group stated, adding that as of the time of the statement, the camera had not been returned.In response, TIB demanded immediate action from the Lagos State Government and marathon organizers."We demand the immediate return of the stolen camera and footage, as well as a public apology from the marathon organizers for their complicity in this politically motivated aggression," the statement read.TIB highlighted that Sowore has participated in at least four editions of the Lagos City Marathon and described the attack as an affront to the principles of sportsmanship.As of press time, neither the Lagos State Government nor the organizers of the marathon had responded to the allegations.Sowore was attacked in Lagos by thugs alongside crew members of his media outfit while participating in the marathon.The Access Bank Lagos City Marathon is one of NigeriaTMs most prestigious road races, attracting elite athletes, casual runners, and government dignitaries.
The Take It Back (TIB) Movement has condemned an alleged attack on its leader, Omoyele Sowore, and his team during the 2025 Lagos City Marathon.
Shortly after, thugs reportedly assaulted them, harassed journalists, and forcibly seized a media crew memberTMs camera to delete footage of the attack.
TIB has demanded the return of the camera, an apology from the marathon organizers, and accountability from the Lagos State Government.
As of press time, no official response had been issued.
The Take It Back (TIB) Movement has condemned an alleged attack on its leader, Omoyele Sowore, and his team during the 2025 Lagos City Marathon.
Shortly after, thugs reportedly assaulted them, harassed journalists, and forcibly seized a media crew memberTMs camera to delete footage of the attack.
TIB has demanded the return of the camera, an apology from the marathon organizers, and accountability from the Lagos State Government.
As of press time, no official response had been issued.This Sowore is an idiot.
Jesters.Sowore is looking for relevance at all costs since it's glaring the foreign aids aren't coming again since USAID has been grounded.People like him are addicted to attention.
Sowore the small boy of yesterday
Always using the govt and police force to catch cruise.
Sowore is an attention seeker.
A man whose hustle is fake activism paid for my American foundations like ford and macarthur
Yele you too like unnecessary attention seeking
This Sowore is an idiot.A serious one indeed
[quote author=blacknp post=134169855] This Sowore is an idiot.
[/quoteAt least he has sense more than you
Please does anyone have a video of this alleged attack?
This guy with his attention seeking behaviour
It is well.
Sowore is an attention seeker.
A man whose hustle is fake activism paid for my American foundations like ford and macarthurbro if you have an organisation or a NGO and u need funding, there are a lot of opportunities to get funds online....
You write proposals to get it...
So nothing weird about Sahara reporters getting funds....
Sowore is a thugAn irrelevant thugHe is not the representative of the youths we seek
No idiot will try this with Fashola
bro if you have an organisation or a NGO and u need funding, there are a lot of opportunities to get funds online....
You write proposals to get it...
So nothing weird about Sahara reporters getting funds....he who pays the piper Sahara was used by the west against GEJ.
bro if you have an organisation or a NGO and u need funding, there are a lot of opportunities to get funds online....
You write proposals to get it...
So nothing weird about Sahara reporters getting funds....Now I know why you keep getting poorer and poorer, the gods of our land have cursed you and your likes
This sowore guy is an attention seekerNobody should take his ass serious.Always want to be in the newsWhat right did he  have to go and sit at the space reserved for the governor?
Just like His big brother (PO), Sowore goes about seeking media attention so that he can atleast be in the news for some SUG kind of Gragra.
This boy Sowore is causing problem everywhere.
They always wants to be in the news .And so what?
This boy Sowore is causing problem everywhere.
Why is Rotimi Amechi not at the marathon to compete, or he only runs during presidential primaries
It's because he use to go everywhere with camera.
The Asagba of Asaba in Delta State, HRM Obi Prof.
Epiphany Azinge SAN, has banned the activities of  Eze-NwanyiTM (female native doctors/goddesses) and other unregulated traditional practitioners.The decision comes amid concerns that these groups are fueling criminal activities, including kidnappings and ritual-related crimes.The palace maintained it was a decisive move to curb rising crime in Asaba and its environs.The announcement follows reports linking native doctors and shrines in Asaba to the murder of an Anambra lawmaker, Justice Azuka, whose body was discovered on the Niger Bridge.The Asagba, addressing a press conference, expressed grave concern over the situation, stating, Anything that happens on this land affects us more than anyone else.It is unacceptable that Asaba has become a hub for these nefarious activities.
Consequently, we have decided to take proactive steps to restore peace and order.Ban on Female Native Doctors, Shrine RestrictionsThe monarch emphasised that many of these practitioners are not of Asaba origin and have taken over the land with criminal motives.We have banned the activities of Eze-Nwanyi, who are not of Asaba extraction and are unknown to us.
From today, they are banned, he declared.Additionally, all native doctors operating in Asaba must now register and be regulated under the authority of the Otu-Ihaza, the legislative body of Asaba.The monarch also restricted visits to the Onishe shrine, citing desecration concerns.
That place is being desecrated.
People go there for all sorts of reasons.
Henceforth, nobody, whether from Asaba or not, may visit the shrine without the approval of the Otu-Ihaza.Operation  Know Your TenantsHighlighting the rapid and unmonitored influx of strangers into Asaba, the Asagba introduced Operation Know Your Tenants, mandating landlords to document and keep an inventory of their tenants.We do not even know who lives in Asaba anymore.
Criminals see Asaba as a safe haven.
We are now declaring Operation Know Your Tenants.Every landlord must have proper documentation of their tenants so that at any time, we can account for who resides where, he added.The monarch urged property owners to cooperate, warning that security measures would be tightened to identify and expel criminal elements.Hotel SurveillanceFurther, the palace will deploy a special task force to hotels across Asaba to inspect guest records.We will be going round hotels to check their guest lists.
Asaba must not become a breeding ground for crime, he concluded.
In summary, the Asagba says he doesn't want development in his environment anymore.
This is what you get when your only export value is criminality.
If Soludo could be putting fire under their yansh in Anambra, why won't the same be done in Delta where they are running to hide.
In summary, the Asagba says he doesn't want development in his environment anymore.
This is what you get when your only export value is criminality.At least they are better than your people that place no value on your lives .
Fulani your slave masters killing your people unchallenged, unabated but you are wailing all over online bitterly about Igbos because you are too cowardly to complain about Fulani, just few days ago
At least they are better than your people that place no value on your lives .
Fulani your slave masters killing your people unchallenged, unabated but you are wailing all over online bitterly about Igbos because you are too cowardly to complain about Fulani, just few days agoYou're living in a glass house and you're throwing stones.
Was it not last week that about 15 people were killed by herdsmen in Ebonyi.
And what did chestbeaters like you do about it?.
to the glory of God ..A very good thing ..
just as the biblical kings that got favor from GodFrom Rivers to Delta ..
theyTMre pushingWhen will Yoruba tribe emulate this great move and educate their people.
Of the uselessness of human rituals and skull mining of grace yardsCheck nairaland crime section ..
You're living in a glass house and you're throwing stones.
Was it not last week that about 15 people were killed by herdsmen in Ebonyi.
And what did chestbeaters like you do about it?.I thought you guys were supporting ebonyi when they refused to join esn to protect ancestral lands from Fulani .
You guys went as far as supporting them for resisting sit at home due to APC umahi currently doing dirty jobs for mandate thief.
Why the sudden U- turn, why are you people always cowardly unreliable, hypocritical and can never stand on one positionthatTMs exactly why almost every Nigerian today see you people as clowns baba suwe type
to the glory of God ..A very good thing ..
just as the biblical kings that got favor from GodFrom Rivers to Delta ..
theyTMre pushingWhen will Yoruba tribe emulate this great move and educate their people.
Of the uselessness of human rituals and skull mining of grace yardsCheck nairaland crime section ..
And we know those he was talking about.
"Every landlord must have proper documentation of their tenants so that at any time, we can account for who resides where, he added.Community policing where everyone is involved along with central motor registration is the way forward.
Mr Land grabber, I hope you can read what the Monarch was saying here.
And we know those he was talking about.Yoruba people of courseTheyTMve recently flooded Asaba with their juju to help yahoo boys..
but meeting massive resistanceAsaba is igboland ..
like ikweere..But Yoruba will always want to argue ..
more blessingsWhen will Yoruba people learn this ..
I thought you guys were supporting ebonyi when they refused to join esn to protect ancestral lands from Fulani .
You guys went as far as supporting them for resisting sit at home due to APC umahi currently doing dirty jobs for mandate thief.
Why the sudden U- turn, why are you people always cowardly unreliable, hypocritical and can never stand on one positionthatTMs exactly why almost every Nigerian today see you people as clowns baba suwe typeWhat's my business with your stupid ESN.
I was only reminding you that a stone has broken your head last week, so you shouldn't be throwing stones when you're still nursing an injury.
Yoruba people of courseTheyTMve recently flooded Asaba with their juju to help yahoo boys..
but meeting massive resistanceAsaba is igboland ..
like ikweere..But Yoruba will always want to argue ..
more blessingsWhen will Yoruba people learn this ..This clown is still behaving like an ostrich, when you're done deceiving yourself, you will remove your head from the sand.
I was only reminding you that a stone has broken your head last week, so you shouldn't be throwing stones when you're still nursing an injury.clown, esn no concern you then what is your business in crying bitterly all over igbo threads or maybe you telling indirectly us there is nothing worth writing or even mentioning about your sad wasted home state
So, you're not crying over another people's matter?.
Clearly shows you are the one who is very sick mentally
Solo Soludo Effects on the move....Let the Wind blow across the South....Jesus is Lord  ....
Good movesThere is an urgent need to stem the rising tide of ritual and criminal killingsToo much innocent blood on the landMy fears is how will these pronouncements be enforced.
Is he Saul that banned witches in his days.
In my area, women are the priestess of Osoko deities.
Save Asaba Now.
eze oni resides in asaba , his shrine should be burnt down
/This is to those blaming Christianity.
It is not the process; it is the people.
Give anything to our people, they will find ways to rubbish it.
Female native doctorwhat a profession
Proactive King
Clearly shows you are the one who is very sick mentallyyou are given the bigot what it deserves
No breathing space for juju priests.
They should take their shrines to evil forests
Afro religion should not be banned in Igbo areas.As a society,  we can ban human sacrifice,   unhygienic practices like dirtying public spaces, and/or contaminating water lines.But African religion should be respected.
And however a person choose to worship their African religion should be respected;    But as long as the practitioners respect the general laws.
Mr Land grabber, I hope you can read what the Monarch was saying here.
Female native doctor?
Here is a Delta North indigene explaining what the Asagba declared.
Onyechere Sydney-Jack, known for her advocacy and media influence, is expected to amplify the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being.This collaboration marks a significant step in bridging beauty, wellness, and mental health awareness for women across Nigeria and Africa at large.
Smh
3rd to comment
Congratulations to her
Congratulations ma'am.
All these endorsements sound like money laundering.
Onyechere Sydney-Jack, known for her advocacy and media influence, is expected to amplify the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being.This collaboration marks a significant step in bridging beauty, wellness, and mental health awareness for women across Nigeria and Africa at large.If not that you are mentally unstable, you will not post the nonsense here
Onyechere Sydney-Jack, known for her advocacy and media influence, is expected to amplify the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being.This collaboration marks a significant step in bridging beauty, wellness, and mental health awareness for women across Nigeria and Africa at large.Onyechere Sydney-Jack, known for her advocacy and media influence, is expected to amplify the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being.How will Onyechere "amplifying the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being" benefit Beauty Secret Luxury Med Spa?
It is when you take her to your hotel room and you UnCloth her after putting the light off that you will see the inner beauty
ItTMs inside.
ToTo at work
How will Onyechere "amplifying the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being" benefit Beauty Secret Luxury Med Spa?See question , what kind of Abuja Suya and Onions question is this?Are you for real?Like seriously
See question , what kind of Abuja Suya and Onions question is this?Are you for real?Like seriouslySee question , what kind of Abuja Suya and Onions question is this?Are you for real?Like seriously sadHow will Onyechere "amplifying the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being" benefit Beauty Secret Luxury Med Spa?
See question , what kind of Abuja Suya and Onions question is this?Are you for real?Like seriously sadHow will Onyechere "amplifying the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being" benefit Beauty Secret Luxury Med Spa?
Sydney-Jack must be a Rivers State dude.
Nice one.
Who again?
See question , what kind of Abuja Suya and Onions question is this?Are you for real?Like seriously sadHow will Onyechere "amplifying the importance of self-care in achieving overall well-being" benefit Beauty Secret Luxury Med Spa?sad
that she get ways about her
NancyAmelia Collins reports from Sydney
Dalai Lama said he wants to discuss his intentions with the Tibetan parliament in exile which convenes in March
Kuwait s alRai television station says the kidnappers in Iraq of American journalist Jill Carroll are threatening to kill her if their demands are not met by February 26
is not immediately clear what sort of attack the men were planning
has rejected that demand
in the day Palestinian medics said Israeli troops operating in central Gaza killed two Palestinian militants during an exchange of fire
Hamasled government condemned the violence saying the Palestinian government is committed to a powersharing agreement reached with the Fatah faction of President Mahmoud Abbas ealier this month
said a total of 96 houses were unearthed as well as the ruins of a sacrificial altar
Bosnian war crimes court was established in 2005 to ease the workload of the Haguebased tribunal
villagers say as many as 100 whales swam up to shore late Tuesday night
say the rebels set off a fragmentation mine as the navy bus passed by and then opened fire on the bus with small arms
Foreign Minister FrankWalter Steinmeier condemned the killings as atrocious and senseless
Solberg and Markko Martin of Estonia are tied for second with 34 points
China s government works to control record high inflation the country s poor are struggling to put food on the table
number is down from 44 percent in a similar poll taken in February
military launched an offensive in Swat and surrounding areas in late April after militants violated a peace deal and began advancing toward the capital Islamabad
man is facing charges including aiding and supporting a terrorist organization
Africa has offered a higher wage increase to public service workers in an effort to avert a strike by some 900000 members of the civil service
will review progress made so far and also chart a course for future negotiations
say 11 children were among the 17 people wounded
police chief Habibur Rehman said at least 12 gunmen attacked the convoy near Lahore s Gaddafi stadium Tuesday with rockets hand grenades and automatic weapons
push for a change of direction for the fivemember alliance is coming from Venezuela s leftist President Hugo Chavez
journalist s newspaper La Repubblica has categorically denied the charge
officials say they believe the man was involved in planning car bomb attacks on Baghdad s Green Zone which houses government diplomatic and military offices
his election to the council Monday political science professor Noranit Setabutr said a new draft constitution would be completed within 180 days
of his brothers President John F
shuttle flights go according to schedule its final module should be delivered next year to the space station
his speech Holder defended a case last month in which a Somaliborn man in Oregon was arrested after trying to detonate what he thought was a bomb near Christmas tree lighting
US has accused Iran of supplying weapons and training to Shiite militias in Iraq
trial of Saddam Hussein and seven codefendants has resumed in Baghdad after a fiveday break
said using such language was rough but effective
three were killed in an overnight attack on a police post in the western outskirts of Kabul
British police are still conducting a nationwide manhunt for the three remaining fugitive suspects in last week s failed bomb attacks on the London transit system
month another Datanalisis poll put support for President Chavez s proposal at below 40 percent
flu has killed more than 80 people in southeast Asia China and Turkey since 2003
Ivory Coast presidential election is set for October 31
price of gasoline has become a campaign issue between Obama and presumptive Republican nominee John McCain
year an unprecedented 26 tropical storms have raged in the Atlantic since the season began on June first
witness to the shooting Katharine Armstrong said Cheney fired a shotgun at a flying bird without realizing his companion was in the line of fire
say one of the suspects escaped while the others were arrested
International called on those countries not to rely on bilateral agreements to protect prisoners from harsh treatment once they are transferred
30 miners are known to have survived the blast
spokeswoman Melissa Fleming for the International Atomic Energy Agency says her agency would investigate any relevant information on the subject
says one target was La Peineta stadium which was the centerpiece of Spain s failed bid to host the 2012 Olympics
from Baghdad say two bombs have exploded near a market in central Baghdad killing at least 10 people
US military says coalition forces have killed 25 militants and arrested 10 more during a series of raids across Afghanistan
the time of the assault police said a gunman seized a rifle from an Israeli security officer at the work zone and then shot and killed two Palestinians he had driven to the job site
military says at least 30 militants and six soldiers have been killed during fighting Sunday in the North Waziristan tribal region
USCentral AmericanDominican Republic Free Trade Agreement CAFTADR entered into force on 1 January 2009 after significant delays within the Costa Rican legislature
rate is still much lower than many other countries but is relatively expensive for Burmese consumers
French government said it has arrested the suspected military leader of the Basque terrorist group ETA near the Spanish border
he said by holding violent demonstrations that have killed 18 people Muslims have missed an opportunity to build better ties with the West
last warmup game is next Sunday against Latvia in East Hartford Connecticut
a headon collision of two buses killed at least 32 people Monday on the main road linking the capital Kabul and Kandahar city
money will be subtracted from the amount Venezuela owes the companies for taking over their majority stakes in oil fields and refining plants
United States has transferred two detainees from its military prison at Guantanamo Bay Cuba to other countries
in Dhaka say the threeweek program organized with the United Nations Children s Fund will help curb the disease that kills an estimated 20000 Bangladeshi children every year
firms were rated most likely to engage in bribery followed by Mexico China and India
took another historic step toward democracy Wednesday as their first freely elected parliament in nearly a halfcentury convened for the first time
administration scientists decided the species is at risk of becoming endangered
a statement Tuesday after a meeting in Doha Qatar the International Weightlifting Federation s executive committee sanctioned Turkey s federation for bringing the sport of weightlifting into disrepute
said he will urge Arab leaders in the Gulf to do their part during his visits to their nations over the next few days
stressed that his figures are based on estimates that can not always be verified
said there were planned Iraqi military moves against insurgents that should have been implemented months ago
protest comes in the wake of increased tensions between Israelis and Palestinians over settlement construction a key issue in USmediated peace talks between the two sides
witnesses say the victims were farmers and that militants had fled by the time the tank shells hit
details were given about those meetings
bombing happened in the capital s Karrada district
say leatherbacks have been doing so for at least 65 million years
Hussein Haridy said Tuesday that Egyptian authorities have not accused any Pakistani of involvement in those attacks
said there are no unresolved questions with his Iranian counterparts regarding the technical startup
lawyers for former Iraqi deputy prime minister Tareq Aziz say he is in poor health and may have just weeks to live
Bush is to meet business and community leaders in storm hit Gulfport Mississippi before traveling to New Orleans Louisiana
Spector rose to fame in the 1960s crafting a series of classic pop singles using his Wall of Sound production technique
has been providing a long list of services from meals to communication for the military for several years
58yearold Gere was in India to participate in a safe sex campaign directed at truck drivers
home sales continued at this rate for a full year 67 million homes would change hands
sanctions are in response to a US law known as the Byrd Amendment that the WTO ruled illegal in August
Harcourt the chief economist of the Australian Trade Commission says ABAC plays an important role by informing governments where there are problems
United Nations says it has evacuated its staffers from the area
would not provide details
VOA s Melinda Smith reports the research seems to blame the parents
I asked why she explained that it was necessary to compare the signature I had just signed on the receipt
United Nations worker from Burma was among the three people killed by Saturday s bombing at an Internet cafe in Kabul Afghanistan
Chavez has said he wants oil exports to China to reach 300000 barrels a day
Shiite politicians have postponed until Sunday a decision to select a new prime minister
Najim an Iraqi freelance cameraman working for Reuters was shot and killed in the town of Ramadi west of Baghdad
officials say it will take several days to repair the damage and get oil flowing again
estimated 300000 500000 Nicaraguans in Costa Rica legally and illegally are an important source of mostly unskilled labor but also place heavy demands on the social welfare system
announcement came Monday during his meeting in Paris with Afghan President Hamid Karzai who arrived on Sunday for a threeday visit
inhabited by Arawak and later by Carib Indians the Virgin Islands were settled by the Dutch in 1648 and then annexed by the English in 1672
so far no trial dates have been set
in Iraq killed nine American troops Thursday in the latest violence in the run up to Iraq s January 30th elections
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has arrived in the country s southern port city of Karachi to try to quell unrest that has killed at least 85 people
say the 78yearold was battling ovarian cancer and ultimately died of respiratory failure
the past five months protesters have demanded the resignation of Oaxaca State Governor Ulises Ruiz over corruption allegations
this means she could see whenever the hunters approached her on land and often escaped by this means
original enjoy every moment of life
i hail the fine lady well well and altogether sent him away very happy
beknown and understood among padidem
says Eritrean security forces indiscriminately arrested suspects at their homes shops offices and road blocks last Thursday
cordoned off the area and were searching for the attackers
the US military says five soldiers were killed in a vehicle accident north of the Iraqi capital Monday evening
in eastern Sudan say government war planes have been bombing a rebel area near the border with Eritrea wounding several people
Czech Republic produced more than a million cars for the first time in 2010 over 80 of which were exported
central bankers are expected to announce another in a long series of interest rate increases later this week
digital map has been produced by a British survey ship HMS Scott that has been collecting data off the coast of Indonesia s Sumatra Island since early January
is a drastic downward revision likely to lead to spending cuts
is attending an international conference in Berlin on the reconstruction of Afghanistan
officials have repeatedly opposed the project calling it a veiled attempt to change the strategic balance between Russia and the West
other first round play Virginie Razzano of France beat Kveta Peschke of the Czech Republic 06Jan 06Jan
industrial production has increased at its fastest pace in 16 months another sign that Asia s third largest economy is pulling out of the international financial crisis
Philippine army general says search teams have found the body of a US Peace Corps volunteer who went missing 10 days ago
that two Filipinos were recently wounded during attacks on US military bases in Iraq a presidential spokesman said Tuesday that Manila has no plans to lift its ban on allowing Philippine workers into Iraq until there is peace and stability
coalition troops also were wounded in the battle including an American three Canadians and one Afghan
has also threatened to scale back trade ties with countries that supported the IAEA resolution
advocates fear Beijing will give his successor a fresh fiveyear term further blocking hopes for greater autonomy
Merkel will travel to New York for several hours on Thursday for economic meetings and will return to Washington later that day to speak at the American Jewish Committee which works to safeguard Jews and Jewish life worldwide
two leaders are also expected to discuss the nuclear crises in Iran and North Korea and the escalating fighting in the Middle East
number one men s tennis player Roger Federer has been nearly unbeatable in the past year
two men who have warm personal ties will ring in the new year together days after Ukraine s Central Election Commission declared Mr Yushchenko the winner of last Sunday s runoff election
destroyed thousands of birds in the region last November to contain another outbreak of the virus
committee will now consider replacing baseball and softball with two sports from a waiting list
government soldiers chased them out of some areas but clashes have continued with UN peacekeepers aiding the government
held a summit Wednesday in the city of Cuzco Peru to create the South American Community of Nations
Garcia announced Sunday that Peru would resume the destruction of coca crops in Peru s Amazon region
Abdullah II of Jordan has vowed zero tolerance toward terrorists as his government says alQaida in Iraq was behind Wednesday s triple suicide attacks that killed 57 people
Turkish human rights group has asked a prosecutor to start legal proceedings against Israel s defense minister for alleged crimes committed against Palestinians during Israel s offensive in the Gaza Strip
stressed aid is still desperately needed for the hundreds of thousands of people living in temporary camps
Salvador is preparing to send another contingent of 380 soldiers to Iraq
with King Mswati s government say they did not want the events to compete with the incwala ceremony which they announced will begin Thursday
attacks killed at least 12 Iraqi police or civilians in and around the capital
Authority President Mahmoud Abbas is in Turkey for talks on the stalled Middle East peace process and the impact of a European freeze on aid to the Hamasled Palestinian government
have struck again in Iraq this time assassinating a senior government official as they try to derail next month s national elections
spokesman for the US beef industry J
Azur is just one of a number of airlines to start flying to Baghdad
for a former California gang leader have asked the state supreme court to block his execution Tuesday while California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger considers granting clemency
satellite was launched February 11
Thomas Fargo who is commander of the US Pacific Command said Tuesday more personnel and ships are pouring into the region
warned of new events and suggested that militants should target Western economic interests
this month President Bush said Syria faces growing international isolation because of what he calls its failure to stop fighters from crossing its border into Iraq
bus was about to depart the alNahda station in the east Baghdad town of Rusafa early Thursday when the attack occurred
winds up his US trip with a stop in Detroit for a meeting with MacedonianAmerican community leaders
report from the UNappointed prosecutor probing the assassination is expected to implicate Syrian officials in the February 14 bombing that killed Mr Hariri and 20 others in Beirut
country is the world s number one producer of opium a key ingredient in heroin
bus had been traveling through the Tajouri district nearly 200 kilometers northwest of Jammu city Indian Kashmir s winter capital
and Talibanlinked militants who oppose the education of women have destroyed hundreds of girls schools across the country
process received a boost last week when the two sides reopened a historic bus route across the military lineofcontrol for the first time in nearly 60 years
officials have said repeatedly that Iraqis must form their own government without American intervention
hospital in Tel Aviv says doctors are carrying out more tests to determine the appropriate treatment for Mr Sharon
has been released on bail and authorities told him not to leave the country
documents released by the American Civil Liberties Union on Tuesday say staff members of the Pentagon s Defense Intelligence Agency DIA witnessed several incidents of abuse including prisoners being assaulted deprived of sleep and humiliated
first was born three weeks ago at Washington s National Zoo
the rising claims for unemployment insurance US companies are squeezing more productivity out of their shrinking workforces
was not immediately clear what motivated the attack
agreement comes one week after Japan adopted new defense policy guidelines that would allow the joint development of a missile defense system with the United States
storm forced ports and airports to close
senior leader of Hamas says the Palestinian militant group will not disarm or change its policies toward Israel following its landslide election victory
motive for the senator s killing is not clear
a separate incident officials say a Bangladeshi aid worker was shot dead by unknown gunmen in the northeastern province of Badakshan
attacked a truck stop just outside of the Pakistani capital Wednesday killing seven people and torching a convoy of tankers and trucks bound for NATO forces in Afghanistan
week a suicide bombing killed at least 15 people in a courtroom in Baluchistan province
arrested a total of nine men last week in Birmingham in what British media have described as a plan to kidnap a British Muslim soldier who had served in Afghanistan torture and behead him then post a video of the gruesome events on the Internet
Saturday a land mine killed a Mogadishu city official and at least three security guards
say nearly 20 dead whales have washed up Wednesday on a beach in Dakar Senegal
say the drug ring had been smuggling huge amounts of heroin and cocaine into the United States from Latin America
says the first group of refugees was scheduled to fly home Thursday
Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero has offered to hold peace talks with ETA if it renounces violence
faces charges of war crimes genocide and crimes against humanity
has not made any comment about the talks
presidential election tally has Mr Nastase ahead of Mr Basescu 40 to 34 percent
FM aired programs that included weather forecasts information on cultural events and government announcements
US Census Bureau s annual report also shows the number of Americans without health insurance fell last year the first annual decline since the Bush administration took office
the closing days of the Beijing Olympics China showcased a new production of an old propaganda opera that presents an image of SinoTibetan harmony
UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says that is a 10 percent increase over this year s budget
Ali AghaMohammadi says the resignation announcement published Wednesday by the state news agency IRNA was completely FALSE
Kurdish regional government said the new contracts are for the Mala Omar and Shorish Blocks the AkreBijeel Block the Shaikan Block the Rovi and Sarta Blocks and a block in Dihok province
also said inaction on the issue is not an option
Israeli police say they have arrested five members of the Islamic Jihad militant group who they said were planning to carry out a bomb attack in Jerusalem on Thursday
is at least the seventh person to die this year from the disease
recent months ELN delegates have held peace talks with the Colombian government after decades of civil war pitting at least two rebel groups against the national army
work stoppage has lasted for about a week
American Automobile Association estimates that some 37million Americans will travel 80 kilometers or more from home this holiday a slight increase over last year
quoted Ms Rice as saying that Washington recognizes Georgia s territorial integrity in regards to Abkhazia a proRussian enclave in Georgia that has run its own affairs since the early 1990s
years ago another study concluded there might be a connection
from the area say at least 15 other people were injured but survived Wednesday s accident
media is reporting that a Cuban dissident has sought refuge at the Argentine embassy in Havana
demands that Macedonia change its name which is the same as the name of a northern Greek province
in the western Indian state of Maharashtra say 26 women drowned after two boats capsized in the Wainganga River late Saturday
two pilots had ejected safely before the crash and were taken to a military hospital for a medical examination
Macedonia and Latvia are also participating
thousand riot police prevented the Muslim Brotherhood from holding a rally outside the Egyptian parliament as planned
report was completed by the House of Representative s national security subcommittee which will hold hearings on the report Tuesday
said the outpouring of emotion after Riza s death is a sign that the people of Kosovo do not accept crime and violence
one in the funeral party was injured
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon stressed that he plans to keep large settlement blocs in the West Bank under Israeli control
chief investigating judge says the ousted dictator has been charged in connection with the 1982 deaths of dozens of villagers in Dujail
in Iraq s 325member parliament are won according to how well a coalition does in a province not according to the overall vote
on Tuesday three British soldiers were killed in the same province when suspected Taleban insurgents ambushed a NATO patrol
new missiles reportedly can carry a 1200 kilogram payload and have an estimated range of about 10000 kilometers
in China have ruled out terrorism in the crash of a passenger plane Sunday that claimed the lives of 54 people
call the move a Kremlin effort to tighten its influence on the media
police say they have arrested a man who dressed as suicide bomber at a demonstration against the publication of cartoons depicting Islam s Prophet Muhammad
coalition statement says the deadly shooting happened after its service members had peacefully detained a Haqqani facilitator in Paktiya province
EU says French President Nicolas Sarkozy will also attend the meeting in Ramallah with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
who be elderly and oldfashioned for her opinions
So we reach the village
defendant Andrew Chan is one of nine people arrested last April for allegedly trying to smuggle about eight kilograms of heroin out of Bali
the Kurdish leader says he will remain active in politics
human rights group has accused coalition forces in Iraq of failing to secure evidence considered vital to the upcoming war crimes trial of former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein
33 men were trapped by a mine cavein on August 5
Presidentelect Felipe Calderon has vowed to crack down on violent crime when he takes office in December
and officials from 12 South American countries have launched a plan to create a regional trade bloc modeled after the European Union
petroleum sector accounts for roughly 80 of budget revenues 45 of GDP and 90 of export earnings
says the delegates will discuss how to ease the burden of countries hosting large numbers of Iraqi refugees
London march came ahead of antiwar protests today in other cities including Rome Paris and Madrid
experts predicted the number of people who die from cancer will soon be greater than deaths from AIDS tuberculosis and malaria combined
FEMA Director James Lee Witt said Thursday that FEMA has become a disgrace since the merger
burned down an Afghan school for boys and girls in Kandahar early Sunday after another school was saved from the same fate in another part of the city
Naisse was arrested last April in Damascus one month after his group the Committees for the Defense of Democratic Liberties and Human Rights in Syria organized a rare protest outside Syria s parliament
country s largest rebel group known as the FARC has refused to participate in peace talks
current political crisis which began in early 2009 has dealt additional blows to the economy
space probe began transmitting data to the Cassini spacecraft while landing on Saturn s largest moon earlier Friday
Israeli town was more affected by the war than Metullah the closest Israeli town to Lebanon
are one of the president s absolute powers and in recent years it has become typical for the president to issue pardons as he prepares to leave office
New Jersey jurists agreed with Merck that job stress and health risks caused the 60year old postal worker to have a heart attack four years ago
Abbas of the Fatah party has given the militant group Hamas until the end of the week to agree to the statehood plan or he will call the referendum
experts fear the virus could spark a pandemic if it mutates into a form easily transmissible upon human to human contact
approved the measure by a vote of 212to206
the traditional agricultural exports of bananas coffee sugar and beef are still the backbone of commodity export trade a variety of industrial and specialized agricultural products have broadened export trade in recent years
officials say the group of ethnic Karen refugees are the latest to leave the Than Him camp since the resettlement operation began August 15
exiles in India fasted and prayed for peace on Saturday and their spiritual leader the Dalai Lama joined in from a hospital bed in Mumbai
this month Afghan officials said they seized at least 19 tons of explosives found in shipping containers imported from Iran
Owl next advised them to pluck up the seed of the flax which men had sown as it was a plant which boded no good to them
removed were AJ Tabaldo and Leslie Hunt who both sang Nina Simone s Feeling Good
media said Monday that investigators sent from Beijing had nt determined the cause of the crash but found no evidence of sabotage
Monday President Bush said Hezbollah along with Syria and Iran are responsible for last week s violence in Lebanon between government supporters and the Hezbollahled opposition
denies any involvement in the February 14 bombing in Beirut that killed Mr Hariri and 20 other people
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Andrei Nesterenk says the nuclearpowered battle cruiser Peter the Great will lead the naval mission which will also include the destroyer Admiral Chabanenko and other vessels including a fuel tanker
added that the Czech people know the importance of such solidarity
Andres Valencia told reporters late Tuesday his talks with National Liberation Army ELN leader Francisco Galan focused on ways to reduce differences between the rebels and the government in order to set up a possible meeting between the two sides in Mexico
USled coalition in Afghanistan says at least 25 Taleban rebels have been killed during a joint military operation with Afghan troops in the south of the country
said participants in the camp had been planning an armed attack on luxury hotels favored by tourists and an assault aimed at killing the president and foreign guests during independence celebrations in August
a statement from Mexico City Friday Ambassador Tony Garza said the consulate will close for one week beginning August 1
leaders say they will ignore the ban and hold a peaceful sitin Monday
say some of the casualties were truck drivers
Abizaid made the remarks during a brief visit to the main US military base at Bagram north of the Afghan capital Kabul to asses operations
United Nations says it is rushing assistance to El Salvador and Costa Rica and remains ready to mobilize international support for emergency relief and recovery efforts
deaths came on the same day that two US soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in the southern province of Kandahar
Government Accountability Office GAO says several US agencies need to measure if sanctions are helping to curtail Iran s alleged support of terrorist groups
Mongols eventually retired to their original steppe homelands and in the late 17th century came under Chinese rule
United States did not confirm the report
Sheehan came to Crawford a week ago demanding to talk to Mr Bush about the death of her son and the rationale behind the Iraq conflict
Vedomosti business daily quotes industry officials as speculating the deal could be worth between 10 million to 20 million
the 19th and 20th centuries 37 new states were added to the original 13 as the nation expanded across the North American continent and acquired a number of overseas possessions
Asia was at the height of its tourist season when the tsunami hit
US military in Iraq has sent a team of forensic experts to the northern city of Mosul to investigate the cause of Tuesday s massive explosion at an American military base that killed 22 people and wounded 72 others
parliament which is dominated by Mr Abbas Fatah party passed an amendment Monday allowing him to name judges to a court that can veto laws passed by the legislature
draft plan seen by reporters for British news organizations Reuters and the Guardian newspaper also calls for deradicalization classes for insurgents and thousands of new jobs to be created for militants who renounce violence
judge told reporters a trial date could be announced within days
Sarkozy said a French citizen who suddenly goes to Afghanistan for three months should account for his travels
White House says it is renewing a US ban on trade with Burma because it says the actions and policies of Rangoon s military government are hostile to US interests
economic deal removes trade barriers between the United States and Costa Rica El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic
Sarkozy also plans to visit Israel Egypt Syria and Lebanon this week
Turkey the US vice president is expected to discuss Turkey s recent incursion against Iraqbased rebels of the Kurdistan Workers Party
from 75 member countries will debate the issue during their annual meeting which ends Thursday
part of the nation s fragile political coalition is deemed a terrorist group by Western nations
Gyanendra took absolute power last year with a promise to crush the Maoist rebellion and restore multiparty democracy
bomb attack on a major oil pipeline in northern Iraq has disrupted Iraqi crude oil exports sent through Turkey
Russian news reports raised the possibility the changes would require new presidential elections in Russia
announcement from Dalia Itzik has further fueled speculation that her close Labor ally Shimon Peres will also join forces with Prime Minister Sharon s new Kadima party
CHINCHILLA is likely to push for fiscal reform in the coming year seeking to boost revenue possibly through revised tax legislation to fund an increase in security services and education
Bhutto s Pakistan People s Party and former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif s Pakistan Muslim League Party the largest opposition parties have now said they will participate
least six people have been killed and more than a dozen others wounded in a bomb explosion in the southwestern Pakistani city of Quetta
Gates is the most senior US official to visit Kosovo since it declared independence
Musse Gurage a Somali national was shot by two unidentified gunmen Monday night in the port town of Kismayo in Somalia s Lower Juba region
say the foreign envoys used their diplomatic privileges help smuggle items into the country tax free
the ministry said it was sending a diplomat to Niger from its mission in Ivory Coast in an effort to resolve the situation
Sunday Mr Annan urged the Council for a quick approval
step will allow the facility to operate at full capacity
is tight in the Afghan capital Kabul on the eve of the inauguration of the country s first parliament in more than 30 years
John Kerry the 2004 democratic presidential candidate said in a radio address delivered in Spanish Saturday that the president s proposal to add private investments accounts to the program will hurt Hispanics
said the military initially dispatched ships that could treat drinking water and that carried medical and engineering supplies
Pakistani official was giving a background briefing to a small group of reporters in Washington
says its nuclear program is for the peaceful production of energy
is not immediately clear if the soldier has been infected with the often deadly H5N1 strain of bird flu
of Pakistani investors rioted at the Karachi Stock Exchange Thursday demanding a halt in trading after share prices fell for the 15th straight session
Rice arrived in Israel Thursday following an upsurge in IsraeliPalestinian violence
week rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party or PKK ambushed a minibus in Sirnak and killed 12 passengers including village guards
officials say they will not free a US woman serving a 20year sentence for terrorist collaboration even if a regional human rights court orders her release
United Nations Human Rights Council investigation has criticized Israel s military for attacking civilians in Lebanon during the conflict with Hezbollah earlier this year
head of the ruling MVR party William Lara has accused the US Ambassador to Venezuela William Brownfield of meeting with the group
Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad says an Israeli airstrike in the Gaza strip has killed three of its members including a top commander
travel to the shrine each year to mourn the seventhcentury killing of the grandson of the Prophet Muhammad
has been without a central government for 14 years having been ruled by warring factional leaders
Thailand alone officials say nearly half of the 5000 reported deaths were foreign visitors
envoy John Bolton said Monday there was no incident at the John F
country continues to derive most of its foreign exchange from tourism remittances and bauxite alumina
police have questioned Prime Minister Tony Blair in their investigation of charges that his Labor Party awarded seats in the upper house of parliament in exchange for millions of dollars in political contributions
arrested the head of the alliance Qazi Hussain Ahmed and dozens of others including cricketerturnedpolitician Imran Khan
congressional investigation says tens of millions of dollars of US taxpayer funds are indirectly being paid to Afghan warlords public officials and even the Taliban to ensure safe passage of US supply convoys in Afghanistan
Tookie Williams has been convicted of four murders and was the cofounder of the infamous Crips street gang
Mtetwa said Friday s proceedings lasted less than one hour because not all of the state s witnesses showed up in court
ANC has ruled South Africa since the end of apartheid in 1994 but faces growing dissent over poor basic services and Mr Mbeki s firing of popular Deputy President Jacob Zuma
Mohaqiq Nasab was arrested on October 1 after his magazine HaqooqiZan Women s Rights argued that giving up Islam was not a crime that should be punished by death as sanctioned by some interpretations of Islamic Sharia law
had been expected to discuss an exchange of prisoners with Israel the internal situation in the Palestinian territory and an effort to lift international sanctions against the Palestinian government
Korea s military says it is preparing for the possibility that North Korea may try to provoke a naval skirmish along their disputed sea border
recent years Gibraltar has seen major structural change from a public to a private sector economy but changes in government spending still have a major impact on the level of employment
IAEA has been seeking access to Parchin which has long been used by Iran to research develop and produce missiles and other high explosives
said they released the men after Beijing promised to discourage its citizens from traveling to Iraq
cuts and a shorter supply of bank loans has weakened consumer demand depressing Europe s industrial output
health officials say at least three people were killed and some 60 others wounded some seriously
a televised speech Khamenei said hatred toward the US is growing around the world
authorities in Israel say a Palestinian teenager in the West Bank was found dead Friday from a gunshot wound
Bolivians who listened to the speech said they were hopeful he would bring change for the better
authorities are advising people with heart and respiratory problems to stay inside
identified the three as suspected members of the Islamic militant group Ansar alIslam which US authorities have linked to alQaida
exiled president is wanted in Peru to face charges of corruption and human rights abuses related to the death squad murders of 25 people
preliminary report concluded that a faulty speedsensing system may have led to the crash
has criticized Chavez ties to Cuba s Fidel Castro saying Venezuelans want modernity not the Cubanization of their country
improvised device exploded as soldiers cleaned up the area after a failed attempt by Tamil Tiger rebels to capture the peninsula
than 100 people have been killed in the town since June including 18 policemen as gangs compete for drugsmuggling routes into the United States
the Democratic Party s weekly radio address Saturday House member Kendrick Meek of Florida said the changes would harm the middleclass increase the deficit and cut benefits for most workers
Merkel also has meetings scheduled with India s vice president parliamentary leader and opposition leader
Hamas military wing accused a rival clan in the Gaza Strip of ties to the killing
deployed soldiers to Somalia last December to help the interim government push an Islamist movement from power
European Union says it hopes Washington will comply with WTO guidelines soon to avoid making use of the authorized sanctions
is about to adjourn for an August recess
prodemocracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi met Saturday with a top United Nations official
fellow hunter who was accidentally shot and wounded by US Vice President Dick Cheney is recovering in stable condition
President Kurmanbek Bakiyev says he is ready for any new proposals from the US government to stabilize the situation in Afghanistan
for the 45yearold Tunisian tried to block the move arguing he is mentally disabled
Bakiyev had complained that Washington was not paying enough rent for the base
President Robert Mugabe has freed three men who were jailed for murder and sabotage as they battled South Africa s antiapartheid African National Congress in 1988
says the funds will be directed to appropriate relief organizations in the affected areas
Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said Mr Obama was never in any immediate danger
statement issued Thursday said the Marines died Wednesday but did not provide further details
of thousands of antiabortion activists are set to take part in Monday s annual March on Washington to mark the 34th anniversary of a Supreme Court decision that legalized abortion
next round of talks is scheduled for November
flu has killed more than 70 people in Asia since 2003 and at least two people in Turkey
in Latin America have resumed their search Friday for survivors of mudslides and floodwaters triggered by Hurricane Stan
Obasanjo made the comments to the Nigeria Atomic Energy Commission which he chairs
refuted an Associated Press report that the administration had decided to hand the issue to its successor
election has been postponed multiple times during the past five years due in part to disputes about the nationality of names listed on the official voters list
between the two countries were already high because of the presence of Russian peacekeepers in the two breakaway Georgian regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia
a series of agreements between 1772 and 1795 Russia Prussia and Austria partitioned Poland among themselves
alDulaimi of the Free Progressive Iraqi Party was killed while campaigning in Ramadi the capital of western Anbar province
the end of the conflict the government has resettled tens of thousands of internally displaced persons and has undertaken a number of massive infrastructure projects to reconstruct its economy
elections held in November 2010 considered flawed by many in the international community saw the junta s Union Solidarity and Development Party garnering over 75 of the seats
Youssef the top Hamas official in the West Bank is quoted by news agencies as saying the group could accept a longterm truce and the creation of an independent Palestinian state within the 1967 borders a reference to lands Israel captured in the 1967 Middle East War
Sam Brownback a sociallyconservative Republican who announced Saturday he is running for president in 2008 is participating in the March for Life events
Portuguese Prime Minister Anibal Cavaco Silva was swornin Thursday as the country s first centerright president in 32 years
Senator Edward Kennedy a Democratic Party leader who is suffering from brain cancer has returned to Washington to work on the issue of health care reform
aim is to flush out insurgents from the Panjwayi district of Kandahar province
officials say Israeli aircraft attacked at least eight roads and bridges Sunday leading to sites used by militants to launch rockets into Israeli territory
million Iraqis voted but the country s Sunnis mostly boycotted the election
Aussie women s hard court tournament will also mark the return of another former world number one player Martina Hingis of Switzerland will play in the event and plans to play in the Australian Open beginning January 16
letter from House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi dated October 2001 asked General Michael Hayden then NSA chief if the president had specifically approved the expansion of NSA surveillance powers described in a House intelligence committee briefing
say the illness which can be fatal has not yet spread to humans in Russia
Hooper the deputy director of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service spoke Monday in Ottawa to a legislative committee studying Canada s involvement in Afghanistan
in Brussels the president is to meet with European Union and NATO leaders for talks expected to focus on transAtlantic ties the Middle East and Iran s nuclear program
Who see the priest and collect the passport
im wife
in fact that the harsh and capricious jealousy of the flesh awakens for bodi
another walk made the circuit of the garden and skirted well well
Call police
agency quotes Mr Pulikovsky as saying he met with the North Korean leader and he clearly confirmed his country s renunciation of nuclear weapons
current space station crew Russian Mikhail Tyurin and American astronauts Miguel LopezAlegria and Sunita Williams return to Earth with Simonyi on April 20
was rescued after a week in captivity
there are often shady characters loitering at every exit
say all six people on board including at least three German businessmen were killed
state media said a passenger bus hit the explosive last Sunday as it was traveling in Karen State about 200 kilometers from Rangoon
least 35 other people were injured
Benedict praised Japan for setting an example since the bombings for always trying to find peaceful solutions to conflicts
spokesman for the cellist said Thursday he is undergoing routine treatment
bowler Yasir Araft took three wickets while allowing 98 runs in 22 overs
Anderson was killed by a car bomb last November
helicopter gunships and fighter jets pounded militant hideouts in the country s northwest Saturday killing at least 12 militants
the Coast Guard repatriated 15 Cubans found standing on an old bridge piling between islands of the Florida Keys
in Indian Kashmir say at least 15 people died when a bus veered off a steep mountain road and plunged into a gorge
says terrorism is the biggest threat to the Olympic Games
Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and President Viktor Yushchenko headed to Yevpatoria Thursday to meet with rescue officials
guerillas say they resumed hostilities because Nepal s royalist government refused to match the ceasefire
Monday Nigerian militants released eight soldiers and 16 oil workers they had held hostage at an oil pumping station for a week
May a member of a militant leftist group blew himself up in Istanbul killing six people and wounding many others
military says the targeted person is suspected of a logistics network responsible for supplying weapons and supplies to foreign terrorists
says Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is set to visit the country this month amid signs the two nations are looking to increase their energy ties
constitution came into effect in 2006 but the legal status of political parties remains unclear
previously meeting the criteria to join the European Economic and Monetary Union EMU so far Denmark has decided not to join although the Danish krone remains pegged to the euro
Pearson reports on the impact plunging stock markets are having on Americans
US government is delivering more bad news on the country s struggling economy saying first time claims for unemployment benefits are at a 26year high
President Asif Ali Zardari is meeting Britain s Prime Minister David Cameron on Thursday for the first time since the British leader s remarks suggesting that Islamabad is promoting the export of terror
officials said Sunday that at least 27 insurgents have been killed during the fighting
ABC NewsWashington Post survey published Wednesday found that just over half 53 percent of the 1600 people surveyed said the war in Iraq is not worth fighting while 57 percent disapprove of the president s handling of the conflict
rigs in the Gulf of Mexico were evacuated as well as the 11th named storm of this year s Atlantic hurricane season churned over the Gulf s warm waters
least two school workers were rescued from the Qabail Primary School before it burned down Sunday
Venezuelan information ministry has dismissed criticism by the Organization of American States of proposed media legislation being debated in the Venezuelan Congress
in northern Iraq Kurdish officials say search teams have located a small plane that crashed three days ago near Sulaimaniyah
Monday a military jury in Fort Hood Texas found her guilty of maltreating detainees committing an indecent act and conspiracy
officials in Vietnam say a deadly strain of the bird flu virus has killed a second Vietnamese man this week raising the country s death toll from the virus to 50
in the capital at least two people including a child were killed in a driveby shooting and the US military says a soldier was killed by smallarms fire while investigating a burning vehicle
head of Liberia s National Elections Commission Frances Johnson Morris says it could take three to seven days of vote counting before the new leader is known
agency said 47 percent of those infected with the AIDS virus around the globe are female
Republic Day marks the founding of the Indian republic in 1950 three years after its independence from Britain
Zardari traveled to Britain from France on Tuesday
sustained a severe sprain to his left ankle on October 12 while playing racquetball
said Palestine is a house of Islam and not subject to any compromise
French leader who has been in office since 1995 has not announced whether he plans to seek reelection
Salvador is the only Latin American country which still has troops in Iraq
he added that a second probe may be needed
UN resolution passed earlier this week demands Iran stop enriching uranium by August 31st or face possible sanctions
later released him on bail
Hu stressed that Chinese people can exercise their rights through elections
have been in the overcrowded camp for more than 20 years
Arabiclanguage television channel has broadcast a video of Pakistan s ambassador to Afghanistan in which he says he has been kidnapped by Taliban militants
leaders have proposed postponing the vote until they can be assured of a free and fair election
Obama Sunday announced the proposal which would close a legal provision that exempts energy commodies from government oversight
is implicated in two separate investigations
the men s side second seeded Andy Roddick of the United States advanced to the third round after beating South African Wesley Moodie 07May 06Mar 06Feb
official is quoted as saying SBS has World Cup broadcasting rights for the whole Korean peninsula
family denies the charges saying he is a farmer who accidentally strayed onto Pakistani soil 15 years ago
the ceremony Israeli troops began turning over several other checkpoints around the town to Palestinian security forces
Olmert has said coalition partners must accept his plan for unilateral withdrawals from the West Bank
Wednesday a wave of bombings and shootings in and around Baghdad has killed more than 200 people and injured some 600 others
Washington Post newspaper Wednesday says a confidential report about the abuse was given to Army generals in Iraq in December 2003 before military investigators received photographs of the abuses at Abu Ghraib
report says such a reactor could produce over 200 kilograms of weaponsgrade plutonium good for 40 to 50 nuclear weapons a year
borders have been largely sealed by Israel and Egypt following a violent takeover by the militant Hamas last year
often face abuse at the hands of smugglers with many forced to disembark offshore to avoid Yemeni coast guard patrols
Brazil asked the World Trade Organization for permission to impose 1 billion in sanctions on US goods for the United States failing to comply with a WTO decision that calls for steep cuts in subsidies for US cotton producers
commission chief Kissem TchangaiWalla says Mr Gnassingbe son of the late longtime leader Gnassingbe Eyadema won with just over 60 percent of votes cast
Jackson had invited him and his family for a visit in 2003
top US military commander in Afghanistan says Taleban insurgents could stage a highprofile attack over the next six to nine months despite what he called their more limited terrorist capabilities
Fleihan was riding in the car with Mr Hariri on February 14 when a huge bomb detonated outside their motorcade
parliament speaker and the European Union say fresh elections are needed to end the dispute over the former Soviet republic s presidential runoff
response followed allegations by several other countries including India Japan Britain and the United States who all said Wednesday s vote was flawed
replied that he had not eaten them and while he was explaining the situation another State Official silently added the dome to his own collection
World Health Organization official Margaret Chan told the meeting there is a great risk of an epidemic although the timing and severity is uncertain
Ivan 2004 and Emily 2005 severely damaged the agricultural sector particularly nutmeg and cocoa cultivation which had been a key driver of economic growth
Ali Ahmed was shot dead Sunday as he left a Mogadishu mosque
officials say as many as 500 of the prison s 1200 detainees may have escaped
is a net exporter of food and energy and enjoys a comfortable balance of payments surplus but depends on imports of raw materials for the manufacturing sector
two Deutsche Welle journalists a man and a woman were shot dead as they spent the night in a tent in Baghlan province
workers at a USrun manufacturing plant in southeastern France have detained four managers to protest plans to cut hundreds of jobs
people were killed in the attack in 1976
Wednesday Kenya s AntiCorruption Commission interviewed former Transport Minister Chris Murungaru who has been ordered to account for his wealth
in Afghanistan say almost 400 people mostly insurgents have been killed in an upsurge of violence since midMay
say there have been no reports of damage or casualties but residents of the city ran out of their homes in panic after the quake jolted them awake
West has criticized him for his poor human rights record and for quashing political opposition
New Delhi government offices closed and thousands packed into the main 17thcentury mosque known as Jama Masjid Tuesday morning to pray
Israeli army spokesman says the man was armed
a statement Saturday Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao accused the US body of attempting to interfere with Chinese internal affairs under the guise of religious freedom
unauthorized video has caused anger among many Saddam supporters who say it shows that the execution was a sectarian act against the deposed Sunni Arab leader
of flights were canceled stranding thousands of travelers
Korea has warned that it will consider any sanctions imposed against it a declaration of war
authorities have announced April 22 2007 as the date for the first round of the country s presidential election with a runoff if needed on May 6
and India have 54 common rivers but have an agreement signed in 1996 only to share water resources from the Ganges River
made the comment in response to a reporter s question about Cindy Sheehan the woman who lost a son in Iraq and led a protest near the president s Texas ranch demanding to see him
including South Korea and China say the shrine glorifies Japan s wartime past
other developments Israel has agreed to release 54 million of Palestinian tax revenues it withheld after the militant group Hamas won Palestinian legislative elections last month
said they responded after being hit by rocks and bottles
three defendants have pleaded not guilty
first Sinhalese arrived in Sri Lanka late in the 6th century BC probably from northern India
brother Victor Manuel Mejia was killed Tuesday at a farmhouse in the northern state of Antioquia along with two of his associates
Juan del Olmo charged five suspects with 191 counts of murder and more than 1700 counts of attempted murder the number of victims wounded
witnesses say at least one Israeli missile struck a military compound about 100 meters from the offices of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas
due to meet Saturday is a multilateral committee tasked with resolving the political stalemate
state news agency Xinhua said the storm killed at least 16 people on Hainan and caused an islandwide blackout
the political front Iraq s main Shiite alliance which swept the January 30 elections was finalizing a deal with Kurdish leaders to form a coalition ahead of the new parliament s first session next Wednesday
military officials say the death toll from Wednesday s helicopter crash in southeastern Afghanistan has risen to 16 including at least four American crew members
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the Bush administration is still considering setting up a diplomatic mission in Iran
protests also broke out in Lahore where investors burned tires and blocked roads
International Olympic Committee has voted to eliminate baseball and softball from the 2012 Summer Games in London
says its nuclear program is only for peaceful purposes
Pakistani armed forces have launched several operations in recent years to flush out suspected alQaida and Taleban fighters they believe have taken refuge in remote border regions
President Valdas Adamkus will also visit for the third time in 10 days
of Cubans lined up outside the Spanish embassy in Havana Monday hoping to apply for citizenship based on their Spanish ancestry
Nations SecretaryGeneral Kofi Annan will formally present Monday a report that calls for major reforms of the world body
Representative Bob Ney is the second lawmaker to relinquish a House leadership post in recent months
that say they are affiliated with alQaida have claimed responsibility for the attacks
the awardwinning director of Naked and Secrets Lies said he was no longer prepared to take part in the great masters program at the Sam Spiegel Film Television School in Jerusalem
kidnappings are common in the region where criminal gangs are active and where militants have demanded that the government give more of the region s oil wealth to impoverished locals
did not comment further
said Reyes was killed during a combat operation along the southern border with Ecuador
Bush is scheduled to use his visit the first by a US president to thank Mongolia for sending 120 troops to Iraq
violence and allegations of fraud on both sides marred Sunday s election which was organized under pressure by West African leaders after the military briefly installed Mr Gnassingbe following his father s death in February
than 700 people have been killed in the violence this year
in the western outskirts of Kabul a roadside bomb exploded near a convoy of US Embassy vehicles slightly wounding two officials
failing in the Korean War 1950 53 to conquer the USbacked Republic of Korea ROK in the southern portion by force North Korea DPRK under its founder President KIM Il Sung adopted a policy of ostensible diplomatic and economic selfreliance as a check against outside influence
arrests occurred Friday in Alexandria
disputes have become more common as Chinese developers turn residential and farm land into shopping malls apartment buildings and other projects
Friday the US military said it detained more than 12 suspected terrorists during operations targeting alQaida in Iraq forces
told Satterfield that only the Lebanese prime minister Jordan Egypt and the Arab League were aware of the plan
the homily at his first Mass of 2008 the pontiff called the family the primary means for assuring peace
will then need to convert before being granted Israeli citizenship
dates are yet to be announced but she is expected to easily win back the seat
SecretaryGeneral Jaap de Hoop Scheffer called on both sides to deescalate tensions
he added that a permanent solution is likely to be some time off
spokesman Major Sheldon Smith says the gunman wounded two other American soldiers in the shooting Sunday
officials did not say why the five were released and provided no details about the alleged plot
France s Defense Minister Michele AlliotMarie visiting Kabul on Sunday said Paris will increase the number of its troops in Afghanistan in 2006 when NATO expands operations there
Sunday Israel delayed handing over the town of Qalqilya to Palestinian security control saying the Palestinians have failed to move against militants in Jericho and Tulkarem the two towns already transferred to them
Tuesday backed the measure which calls the event genocide against the Ukrainian people
KINDHEARTED Physician sitting at the bedside of a patient afflicted with an incurable and painful disease heard a noise behind him and turning saw a cat laughing at the feeble efforts of a wounded mouse to drag itself out of the room
in Iraq has increased dramatically since Thursday when the nation s first democratically elected government was formed following the fall of Saddam Hussein
British team says the volcano erupted about 23 centuries ago roughly in the year 325 BC blowing a hole through hundreds of meters of ice and spewing a 12kilometerhigh plume of ash and steam
short while after the attack spokesmen for Hamas and alAqsa Martyrs Brigades vowed to retaliate
consists primarily of small factories to process passion fruit lime oil honey and coconut cream
central bank said the growth of the broad money supply rose nearly 19 percent on a yearonyear basis to 39 trillion by the end of March
Obama will visit Moscow from July 6 to 8 for meetings with Russian President Dmitri Medvedev
new research provides strong evidence against any association
unemployment was 75 in 2007 according to official reports unofficial estimates place it closer to 40
also expresses the European Commission s concern about the situation but says the EU top executive body remains confident an agreement will be reached
probe was launched after the Scottish National Party alleged that Mr Blair had nominated wealthy businessmen for nonelected seats in the House of Lords in exchange for loans to his Labor Party
added that something like this can only happen in America
63yearold Daltrey walked offstage during the first song guitarist Pete Townshend later told the crowd he was suffering from bronchitis and could barely speak
says the men stole communications equipment before leaving
roadside bomb wounded four people in the Iraqi capital s western Iskan district
also said he would require student loans be provided by the federal government
Union energy officials will hold an emergency meeting next week amid concerns that the RussianUkrainian dispute over natural gas prices could affect EU gas supplies
projects include trying to prevent the return of largescale conflict among militias reviving the business climate and developing a legal system
protest highlighted demands for political reform and the repeal of Syria s emergency laws
of professionals marched in New Delhi Saturday denouncing a government plan to reserve more college seats for lower castes
Chinese leader offered New Year s greetings to people in Taiwan and said Beijing would seek peaceful reunification with the island which China regards as a rogue territory
coal mines are the world s deadliest with thousands of people dying every year in explosions caveins and floods
of the most bitter fighting of World War II occurred on this archipelago
pope has said he meant no offense to Muslims when he quoted a 14 century Byzantine emperor as saying some teachings of the Prophet Muhammed brought evil to the world
bystanders also were wounded by the gunfire
ministry of health says 34 people have died from a disease caused by streptococcus suis bacteria carried by pigs
say the second bomb was detonated Tuesday after a crowd had gathered at the site of the first blast near a shop just outside the Bab alSharjee market
religious affairs adviser for the government in Punjab province says the men were finally released today after they promised not to take part in militant activities
a third incident Sunday authorities said that at least one man was killed when a homemade bomb attached to his car exploded
Nigeria Labor Congress and the Trade Union Congress decided to go ahead with the strike despite an emergency meeting with President Goodluck Jonathan Tuesday evening
Los Angeles judge has ruled that Phil Spector s exgirlfriend may testify that he twice pointed guns at her head
health officials say the death toll in the country from the Marburg fever has reached 203 out of 221 registered cases
says soldiers opened fire at the men as they tried to flee killing one and wounding the other
of the accused appeared in court and one is being tried in absentia
denies the charge and says it is doing its best to stabilize its neighbor
Bush has issued 14 pardons to convicted criminals and has commuted the prison sentences of two others
authorities have accused the United States of rearming Georgia while using military vessels to deliver humanitarian aid to the Caucasus country
migration to the US using homemade rafts alien smugglers air flights or via the southwest border is a continuing problem
he said it would create a global network for terrorists and other enemies of freedom
say they have already learned new things from the Solar Dynamics Observatory but they have yet to release any findings
65yearold Nobel peace prize laureate has been vocal about pursuing democratic reforms since her release November 13 from more than seven years of house arrest
commander of Dutch troops in southern Afghanistan says forces from the Netherlands have killed dozens of suspected Taleban fighters in recent months
said the United States should free up and reset its ground forces accelerate the training of the Iraqi army and police force and set a goal of having all rapidreaction forces out of Iraq by 2008
Wednesday say the suspects were detained in separate operations north of Baghdad in Kirkuk province and in the towns of Tarmiyah and Judaidah
communist daily Granma said the two leaders met in Havana on Sunday to mark Mr Castro s 80th birthday
Monday federal prosecutors filed charges of genocide against Mr Echeverria in connection with the 1968 incident in which soldiers and police fired on student protesters killing as many as 30
spokesman says he expects the Tibetan leader to return to his home in Dharamsala in northern India in a day or two
of previouslyowned homes in the United States declined in May as higher mortgage interest rates cut demand
health ministry says the campaign will start Sunday and will focus on children under the age of five
Bush faces several key issues at the start of the new year including lobbying Congress to reapprove the Patriot Act ushering his Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito through the Senate confirmation process and overseeing military deployments in Afghanistan and Iraq as some lawmakers call for troop withdrawals
Prime Minister Gordon Brown confirmed the pledge during a meeting in London with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari
consumer advocates blame the banking industry for taking advantage of homeowners who now find themselves in a credit trap
interior minister says at least 10 French citizens are in Iraq ready to become suicide bombers
Israel s Vice Prime Minister and Labor Party leader Shimon Peres held talks with Palestinian Cabinet Minister Mohmmed Dahlan in Tel Aviv late Wednesday
say the massive program was needed after the virus was detected in more than 100 people mostly in the Sudanese capital Khartoum
says he is entirely ready to cooperate with the ruling Socialists to achieve his goals
him looked at the motionless peasants and smile sadly
Netanyahu said the Falash Mura will be brought to Israel in stages over the next three years
the two countries signed a Memorandum of Understanding under which India will upgrade all radio and television stations in Afghanistan
Monday s trial Ramda is facing charges of being an accomplice to at least three bombings on the Paris subway including the July 25 1995 attack that killed eight people and injured more than 150
in the predominantly Muslim republic reportedly arrested one of the protest organizers Boris Arsamokov
the World Food Program says it was able to send food trucks into Somalia until recently
has grounded all its other CRJ200s
studies show that children who do not get enough sleep tend to have some emotional problems as well as weight gain later in life
also downplayed the likelihood that an Islamist insurgency in the south has crept northward
area is a source for rocket fire into Israel
violence has killed more than 30000 people
Chinese nationals have died after their van was involved in an accident with an Olympic bus on Wednesday in Beijing
an interview published Sunday in the Washington Post Abdul Aziz Hakim says US troops are hampering efforts by Iraq s fledgling security forces to hunt down insurgents
efforts to name a new cabinet in Baghdad have failed although nearly three months have passed since the Iraqi elections
say the latest expansion is aimed at linking Maale Adumim to greater Jerusalem which Israel claims as its eternal capital
newspapers planned not to print Friday
moves came as a United Nations team arrived in Lebanon to prepare for an international probe of the assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri
and children were reported to be among those killed
media report that Iran s supreme leader has told President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to dismiss his chosen top deputy after the selection angered conservative Iranians
announced plans to close it after Russia pledged to give Kyrgyzstan about 2 billion in loans and aid
say at least two of the suspected militants were students at a local seminary and had links to SipaheSahaba an outlawed Sunni Muslim group
say the attack took place early Monday while the nursery and primary school children were being driven to the Abayi International School in Abia state
rights groups and other critics of the measure say it will erode basic civil liberties
have destroyed more than 60000 domestic birds despite strong opposition from villagers who depend on them for food
also warned against possible sanctions by the UN Security Council which has sought to pressure Syria to cooperate with the UN probe
head of Iran s civil aviation authority says 29 people were killed and several others injured in a plane crash in the northeastern city of Mashhad
in Japan say a teacher stabbed to death a 12yearold girl Saturday in the country s third killing of a school girl in less than three weeks
said such a move would inspire political participation in the upcoming elections
police say a car bomb in central Baghdad has killed at least 21 people and wounded 66 others
his death the empire was divided into several powerful Mongol states but these broke apart in the 14th century
Murat Demirel and his wife Aysegul Esenler were arrested in the Black Sea port city of Bourgas on December 31 when they tried to enter Bulgaria illegally
navy said the men were captured January 2 after they allegedly attacked a Dutch cargo ship off the coast of Somalia
had expected a rise of just over one million barrels
fighting took place Tuesday near the village of Garmser in Helmand province
Carolyn Presutti shows how that is accomplished
is the hometown of Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud
tournament is a key warmup for Wimbledon the third Grand Slam event of the season
in the eastern city of Lahore police fired teargas to put a stop to a rally organized by the sixparty Muttahida MajliseAmal alliance
Schroeder made the comment Wednesday in a speech to trade union members in his hometown of Hanover
purported Taleban spokesman Yousuf Ahmadi claimed responsibility for those attacks
say the injured were transferred to local hospitals and that an investigation is under way
vice president has defended North Korea s nuclear missile tests saying he sees a double standard in the West s condemnation of the move
authorities say kidnappers have released a Polish oil worker seized last week in the country s restive Niger Delta region
officials filed espionage charges against Russian military officers this week
say Bushehr will be capable of producing about 1000 megawatts of electricity a year
Clinton s former national finance director from her 2000 Senate campaign is currently on trial in Los Angeles federal court on charges he lied to regulators about the cost of a lavish Hollywood fundraiser
Wall Street Journal reported late Friday the US has asked Pakistan in recent weeks to allow more CIA officers and special operations military trainers into the country to participate in Washington s efforts step up pressure on militants
official at the World Stem Cell Hub said the Web site slowed to a crawl because there were too many access attempts for about three hours
group also left a note saying the killings were part of what it called divine justice
One no suppose provoke the marsh
Mottaki was to hold talks with his Saudi counterpart Prince Saud alFaisal in Jeddah Wednesday
are also bitterly divided over plans to deploy a peacekeeping force to provide security once the government returns to Somalia
General Than Shwe received a formal welcome Tuesday in New Delhi where he met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other Indian officials
third soldier was wounded in the incident
with the plummeting price and inflation at about 30 percent he has had to postpone his economic reform plans
US military says the Iraqi army has captured three suspected alQaida in Iraq leaders involved in roadside bomb attacks
spokesman with rebels known as the Eastern Front said Friday the bombing began Thursday in the Barka Valley region near the town of Tokar 120 kilometers south Port Sudan on the Red Sea
says Thursday s battle on the streets of Nuevo Laredo forced the closure to assess the security situation for employees and travelers
Baghdad Iraqi police said a suicide car bomber attacked a police checkpoint killing at least five people and injuring 25 others
inspector s report says Iraq s unsettled security environment continues to present grave risks for contractors and employees
Cabinet last week passed a bill that would require nonJewish immigrants to pledge loyalty to a Jewish and democratic state language seen as discriminatory toward Israel s Arab minority
the two US diplomats asked Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to clarify the expansion plans
denies seeking atomic weapons and says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
say they detained another man who had been in the car but left the vehicle before the bomb exploded
this photograph released by the Iraqi Special Tribunal on June 13 2005 former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein is seen being questioned by investigating magistrates Iraq s special tribunal has filed its first charges against former president Saddam Hussein for crimes committed during his 24year rule
Russia also demanded the return of spent fuel to ensure Tehran did not reprocess it into bombgrade material
prime minister Nouri alMaliki holds most of the power in the country
protest in the capital was the largest since February first when the king dismissed the government declared a state of emergency and suspended civil liberties
on a fixed price will continue
new government report recently released shows the nation s poverty rate was virtually unchanged in 2007
arrests were made on a tip the Danish intelligence service PET had received from another country
in Mexico say a group of armed men raided a drug rehabilitation facility and opened fire killing 19 people and wounding several others
said human rights groups and activists would be asked to monitor whether the rebels had ended their attacks on civilians before any dialogue is held
rate of amputation is 10 times higher among those who suffer from the disease
of Muslims across South Asia have celebrated the annual Eid alFitr Islamic holiday marking the end of the monthlong Ramadan
noted the loss of more than 27 million lives and called the indescribable destruction in the former Soviet Union frightening results of World War II
experts are to meet Friday to review the situation
and international media advocacy groups are urging Mr Kibaki not to sign the bill
of the nine suspects have been released and one other remains in custody and has not been charged
slowing growth rate may help policy makers in the region continue their relatively successful recent efforts to contain inflation
conservativedominated parliament has voted to speed up debate of a bill that would force the government to scale back its cooperation with UN nuclear inspectors
says much more would be needed if bird flu becomes a global pandemic
report also highlights the way the conflict has changed from a conventional war between western forces and the Taliban to an insurgency using suicide attacks assassinations abductions and roadside bombings
exploded as passengers were working to dismantle the roadblock in a Kapilvastu district 325 kilometers southwest of the capital Kathmandu
Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder has confirmed that he will not be part of the country s next government to be headed by Christian Democratic Union leader Angela Merkel
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon s office says he and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas spoke by telephone Sunday and agreed to meet in the near future
said the deals involved thousands of dollars
this week a leading Democrat in the Senate called on President Bush to shut down the Guantanamo camp and launch a massive probe into alleged abuses there
spokeswoman Radhia Achouri says about twothirds of south Darfur are considered hazardous and nogo areas because of recent attacks on peacekeepers
officials say Sunni and Shiite militants are battling each other for a third day in the country s NorthWest Frontier Province
audit by a US inspector says the USled authority that governed Iraq after the 2003 invasion failed to keep track of nearly 9 billion it transferred to Iraqi ministries
Putin s remarks were broadcast Sunday on American television but the interview was conducted Friday
Istanbulbased MazlumDer filed the petition on Friday just two days before Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak is to visit Turkey in a bid to mend ties
who worship in unauthorized ways are subject to arrest
of the capital in Kirkuk police say a human rights activist and a relative were killed while in Irbil a bomb targeted the convoy of the police academy chief killing a bystander
foreign office spokeswoman in Islamabad also said that the two sides have been holding secret talks on possible reduction of forces in Kashmir and a Pakistani proposal of selfrule in Kashmir
multiparty legislative elections in 1990 that resulted in the main opposition party the National League for Democracy NLD winning a landslide victory the junta refused to hand over power
police say a roadside bomb blast south of Baghdad has killed seven police officers
suicide car bomber killed nine Iraqi soldiers at one of the checkpoints about 20 kilometers south of Baghdad
British Home Office would not comment on the present case but it said the government can refuse entry to foreign citizens if there are concerns about their presence
another development Dinesh Dharmendra Rajaratnam a Sri Lankan truck driver set free by Iraqi militants last week after he was kidnapped in October returned home Sunday where he was reunited with his family
US military has not commented on the report
Chavez arrived in the northern city of Recife Wednesday to meet with the Brazilian leader and tour the construction site of a refinery that once completed is expected to process 200000 barrels of oil daily
also said a senior Taleban leader is believed to be among those killed
results are expected Monday
President Vladimir Putin suggested holding such a conference Wednesday after meeting in Cairo with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak
public services ministry announced Thursday it has offered to raise salaries by 7 percent
said small temperature increases of one to three degrees Celsius could boost crop yields in most industrialized countries which mostly have colder climates but that higher temperatures would hurt food production at lower altitudes
agreement calls for reduction of Latvia s fiscal deficit to below 3 of GDP by 2012 in order to meet the Maastricht Treaty criteria for euro adoption
authorities have imposed tight security in and around Baghdad and the holy city of Karbala where Shiite Muslim pilgrims are converging for a major religious ceremony
nuclear experts said Iran s program was not yet at that level
least 160 other people were injured
could be a possible preview of the Australian Open title match
it Zawahiri appeared in front of a portrait of Zarqawi
foreign minister has postponed a visit to Saudi Arabia which was to be part of a tour of Gulf States aimed at gathering support for Iran s controversial nuclear program
officials said the villagers were asleep when about 70 attackers began spraying houses with automatic gunfire
prime minister says the focal point of the election will be his proposal for privatization of Japan s national postal system a sprawling business empire that includes savings institutions with three trillion dollars in assets
in Iraq say nine people have been shot and killed in the northeast town of Baquba
Sunday the ministry said that huge public interest made the circumstances exceptional
one needed was a suicide attacker to switch on a detonator
the meantime members of the opposition will have more of a role in the current government
of rebels government troops and civilians have been killed in the latest fighting
say the women sold or bought the eggs using web sites created by Mr Kim to arrange the deals
in Turkey began a campaign for an independent homeland in the southeast in 1984
Tuesday in Baluchistan unidentified gunmen killed a local politician and his bodyguard and injured a third man
President Viktor Yushchenko has marked his first 100 days in office with a vow to maintain the struggle against poverty as his main priority
Interfax news agency also quotes Mr Ivanov as saying Moscow is prepared to negotiate an agreement on controlling tactical nuclear weapons but only when all countries with such weapons keep them within their own territories
Moscow court has rejected the appeal of former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky against his conviction on fraud and tax evasion charges but the court reduced his prison sentence from nine to eight years
did not say what threats the sailing event could face
Bush has telephoned his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai to express his support for Sunday s legislative elections
authorities had arrested another 50 Brotherhood members before the protests
statement from the UN refugee agency Sunday says the refugees are camped at two locations and lack food water shelter and sanitation
and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah fought a 34day war in 2006 which killed 1200 Lebanese and nearly 160 Israelis
the blocktoblock search continues for those killed when Katrina hit landfall
Bush says the country s reliance on fossil fuels harms the environment and puts Americans at the mercy of nations that do not enjoy the same freedoms
marchers were responding to a call by the Turkish military for mass opposition to the attacks by the Kurdistan Workers Party known as the PKK
in the Somali capital Mogadishu have killed the head of the UN Development Program for Somalia
is unclear whether the attackers belonged to any of the rebel groups or governmentbacked militias active in the western Sudanese region
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert Tuesday warned Palestinian militants that Israel will respond militarily if they continue attacks from the Gaza Strip in violation of a truce
official Xinhua news agency says the police recruits were in two training school barracks in Fuzhou Fujian Province late Sunday night when the buildings were swept away
confirmed by the World Health Organization the death would be Indonesia s 43rd from the deadly H5N1 bird flu virus
Deputy Interior Minister Sutham Saengprathum says the photos show the militants training in Malaysia s northern Kelantan state which borders southern Thailand
US government report said US crude supplies rose by 33 million barrels in the week that ended March 20 to a total of 3566 million barrels
facing electoral opponents for the first time President Mubarak is widely expected to win a fifth term
suspect the cases are the deadly H5N1 strain of bird flu but do not yet have confirmation
alone is expected to have some 300000 eligible beneficiaries
government s expansionary monetary and fiscal policies initiated in September 1998 led to GDP growth averaging nearly 4 in 1999 2007
District Judge Federico Moreno Thursday questioned the government s reasoning for sending back the migrants earlier this week
charges focus on his role in the deaths of about eight thousand Muslim men and boys after Serb forces in BosniaHerzegovina captured the Muslim enclave of Srebrenica in 1995
said China protects the religious freedom of Chinese citizens according to law and that citizens enjoy full freedom of religion
in the Somali capital of Mogadishu say a bomb explosion near the mayor s convoy Sunday has killed two people and wounded several others
Foreign Secretary Jack Straw met his Iranian counterpart Manouchehr Mottaki in London today to tell him that Tehran has one last chance to convince the world that its nuclear program is peaceful
took over security operations from USled coalition forces this week in six southern Afghan provinces
Lavigne and her husband have bought a home in the upscale Los Angeles neighborhood of BelAir
Jewish settler in the West Bank has been indicted by an Israeli court in the shooting deaths of four Palestinians in northern Israel earlier this month
Enter enter he tell the princess
E serious
silent and apparently quite obdurate under dis appeal i turn to
United States had offered a 5 million reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of each of the brothers
previous offer was 65 percent but unions are demanding an 86 percent raise
police say thieves tried to break into the home of Sarah Obama the grandmother of US presidential hopeful Barack Obama
leadership vacuum is due to a standoff between the proWestern governing coalition leader Saad alHariri and Syrianbacked opposition leader Michael Aoun
are good but they lack both claws and teeth such as we have
Hariri was killed February 14 in a Beirut bombing that stunned Lebanon and reverberated in Western capitals
embassy officials in Iraq say an American teen who skipped school and flew to Baghdad without his parents permission is on his way home
unknown gunmen kidnapped a Colombian aid worker and two Afghan employees of a Frenchfunded aid agency in central Wardak province
United Nations says 500000 people in Indonesia still lack permanent housing nearly one year after the devastating Indian Ocean tsunami
Bush is set to address the country later Wednesday on the national disaster caused by Hurricane Katrina
Wall Street Journal reports Google is holding talks with makers of online games in the hope of boosting profits by offering a new service to its many customers
US official overseeing relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina says rescuers are finding many fewer bodies than expected
company says it did not adequately check to see whether employees hired by cleaning contractors could work in the United States legally
Carolyn Presutti reports
did not mention any casualties among coalition troops
a separate development the trial of ousted leader Saddam Hussein is scheduled to resume Tuesday with a new presiding judge and a Western diplomat says members of the former Baathist regime may testify
United States is expected to announce its pledge on Wednesday
published report says all 425 domestic US military bases are under review as the Defense Department considers a new round of base closures
turtles fascinate ocean researchers
climbed trees and pushed through crowds at Hanoi University Saturday where Gates was delivering a speech on information technology
residents often complain they have been cheated out of the huge riches extracted from their tribal lands where the bulk of Nigeria s 23 million barrels of petroleum are pumped daily
70 people in Turkey are hospitalized with symptoms of avian influenza but the Associated Press quotes health officials as saying most of them have tested negative for bird flu
Pacific Ocean is a major contributor to the world economy and particularly to those nations its waters directly touch
said the loss was significant in a region where fishing provides a vital source of food
insurgents fired mortars at the airport triggering a counterattack
in Nepal have arrested at least 120 antigovernment activists across the country who defied a ban on protests to show their anger at King Gyanendra s seizure of absolute power last month
gunmen have seized three foreign aid workers in northern Kenya
when Junoon performs in the United States an Americanbased singer of Indian origin known as Falu opens for the group
8000 Palestinians are in Israeli custody
twoday meeting in Rio de Janeiro began Thursday
in Afghanistan say nine Afghan soldiers and 10 Taleban rebels have been killed in two separate ambushes in the country s restive south
the second millennium BC remnants of this culture fused with the migrating IndoAryan peoples
US immigration judge has denied bail for Luis Posada Carriles an asylumseeking former CIA operative from Cuba
LRA has demanded those charges be dropped as a condition for signing any peace deal
leaders have withdrawn support for lawmakers who voted no on August 8 and say they will not be allowed to run for reelection
Portuguese president has no executive powers but does have the authority to dissolve parliament appoint prime ministers and veto laws
author of new book about Burmese military ruler Than Shwe describes the general as smarter and better informed than most people realize but also ruthless and adept at manipulating others
International Whaling Commission is meeting in the northern US state of Alaska to decide whether to drop a moratorium on commercial whale hunting
insurgency in Iraq is believed to be made up largely of the country s Sunni Arab minority
were no early reports about damage or injuries
army referred to a study that found the policy did little to deter militant attacks and that it spawned hatred towards Israel in the Palestinian territories
media report that inspectors from the UN International Atomic Energy Agency will travel to Iran early next month
Bush has said he understands the sentiments of antiwar protesters but he repeated his position that US troops will not be immediately withdrawn from Iraq
UN Security Council has warned Syria to cooperate fully with the probe or face consequences
two unions want the government to raise the monthly minimum wage to 120 a significant increase over the current 50 minimum salary
officials say they may dam a major river to stop a toxic chemical slick from reaching Russia and the city of Khabarovsk
declaration adopted Tuesday in Geneva reaffirms a 2001 statement issued at the first United Nations conference on racism in Durban South Africa
servicemen including military interrogators have been charged in the case
Canadian robot called Dextre can be operated by the crew inside the station or by flight controllers on the ground
police arrested Ramda in 1995
say the mudslide destroyed homes markets schools and a health clinic
Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte had visited the AU compound in AlFasher Saturday
US military in Iraq says coalition forces have captured a suspected terrorist with close ties to Iran s elite Quds force
Noriega also stressed the need for Haiti s interim leadership to provide security prepare for elections and defend the human rights of Haitians
officials claim he is unreliable
bomb hidden in a vegetable cart exploded south of Baghdad as the funeral procession for a slain top Shiite cleric passed close by killing two people
reports Saturday quote an unnamed Iranian official as saying a delegation will visit on August 6 to discuss technical issues and regulations
allegedly trained at an alQaida camp
San Suu Kyi approved the final draft of her legal appeal during a meeting with her lawyer Kyi Win in September
trial in Kosovo of six ethnic Albanians suspected of war crimes has opened in the town of Gniljane southeast of the capital Pristina
disgraced expresident and son of Japanese parents fled to Japan in 2000 where he was granted citizenship
independent kingdom for much of its long history Korea was occupied by Japan beginning in 1905 following the RussoJapanese War
20meter wide proposal would eliminate 700 homes while a 30meter trench would destroy 3000 homes
deputy leader says President Levy Mwanawasa has undergone minor surgery in France to improve his breathing
is located just across the border from the US city of ElPaso Texas
over 90 percent of the vote counted the electoral court says that 64 percent of those who went to the polls voted against the ban in Sunday s referendum while 36 percent favored it
country has been suffering with high unemployment and less than one percent economic growth
parliament has postponed Monday s scheduled presidential election the latest in a series of delays during the country s political crisis
in some of the metal supports of Discovery s fuel tank were discovered when a hydrogen leak led NASA to cancel a planned launch attempt in early November
month the military government released 9000 prisoners including ten political prisoners in an amnesty ahead of elections planned for 2010
in the Mian Channu area said they believe the blast which also flattened more than 20 nearby houses was caused by a cache of explosives stored in the house
alJazeera television aired a video it said shows an American contractor who was abducted Monday near Baghdad
say US consumers have a different view of the economy
Korea says at least 1850 North Koreans have defected to the South this year
recent days African Union peacekeepers and civilians have been killed or kidnapped in violence that AU officials have blamed on Darfur s main rebel group the Sudan Liberation Movement
international human rights group is urging NATO to stop transferring detainees to Afghan security forces because of reports they torture their prisoners
have barred the International Committee of the Red Cross from Burmese prisons since December 2005
Mandelson Tuesday said the economic consequences of not allowing the goods to enter Europe will be severe for small retailers
final score India 626 and 2846 declared
Barno said he expects a small hardcore remnant of the Taleban to continue fighting even as the group s military strength fades away
popular Web site Twitter is now functioning after a cyber attack took the service offline for several hours
United Nations report released last year said Peru is the world s second largest cocaine producer behind Colombia
Saudi branch of the alQaida terror network is promising more attacks on Saudi oil facilities after failing in an attempt to bomb the world s largest oil refinery located on the kingdom s Gulf coast
did not provide details about the clash or give the soldier s nationality
are concerned the pace could raise inflation rates or lead to investment in unnecessary projects
prospects depend heavily on the maintenance of aid flows the encouragement of tourism remittances and the momentum of the government s development program
military spokesman says Platero allegedly took out his weapon and began shooting at the other soldiers
Afghan police officers and two US soldiers have been killed in separate roadside bombings in southern Afghanistan
authorities have boosted security measures as hundreds of thousands of Shiite pilgrims flock to Iraq s holy shrine city of Karbala for the solemn Ashura holiday
commanders have not explained how American forces will participate in the offensive
US budget deficit also contributes to the dollar s decline
survey also said 73 percent disapprove of President Bush s efforts to control the soaring gasoline prices in the United States
than two million others have been displaced
German leader said in a speech Friday that Germany should expand its ties with India as it has with China both nations which have seen their economies grow rapidly in recent years
also demonstrated Friday in cities across the Middle East as well as in India Pakistan Afghanistan Bangladesh Malaysia and Venezuela
football star David Beckham will be sidelined for around four weeks after suffering a right knee injury playing for Spanish side Real Madrid on Sunday
also cut supplies to Ukraine the same day
is also based in Detroit
Banny heads a transitional government tasked with arranging elections in Ivory Coast which has been split between rebelheld and governmentcontrolled areas since a 2002 civil war
parliament already approved the bill last month
lawmakers in Pakistan s North West Frontier Province have pushed through a law that aims to ensure Islamic correctness in public places and establishes a morality police to enforce decent behavior
said a takeover would be an extraordinary opportunity
a long consumptiondriven upswing Denmark s economy began slowing in 2007 with the end of a housing boom
spokesman said antisubmarine aircraft will also be sent to Venezuela possibly in November
White House said the president was briefed earlier by senior aides about the incident and strongly supports what it said is the aggressive and thorough investigation that is already under way
UNICEF spokeswoman told the Associated Press that the cases have been traced to Nigeria where local officials in the northern state of Kano boycotted a vaccine drive in 2003
did not say when UN inspectors may return to Syria
to its geographical location transit services are highlydeveloped along with timber and woodprocessing agriculture and food products and manufacturing of machinery and electronic devices
BBC also questioned whether the aid will reach those who need it
IOC said it regrets that the political statements were made during the closing torch relay ceremony Saturday in Tibet s capital Lhasa
No need
said Tuesday the kidnappers hijacked the school bus the children were riding in and have demanded a ransom of more than 100000
group is believed to be behind Saturday s bombings as well as the 2002 Bali bombings which killed 202 people including 88 Australians
got to be doubly devastating on the ground
Puteh who denies the allegations also faces a fine of up to 107000 if he is convicted
Kiriyenko told Russian media Thursday that assuming nothing unexpected happens the launch will go as planned before the end of 2009
other soldiers wounded in the attack were evacuated to a local hospital for treatment
thousand AU troops and police officers are already in Darfur
officials have attributed the postponements to poor organization and a lack of resources for the poll
Red Cross had been organizing the visits since 1967
militant Palestinian group Hamas controls the Gaza Strip where Israel has routinely targeted rocket launchers
reports that the second blast also came from a trash can and wounded three people including a tourist
told reporters the trip convinced her that Iraq s children are silent victims of the ongoing violence
Surkhanpha s declaration of independence was accompanied by a foreign policy statement that declared Shan State a war zone and warned foreigners to avoid the region
Marines in Iraq say two leaders of a militant group linked to wanted terrorist Abu Musab alZarqawi have been arrested
election marked the end of 10 years of liberal rule in South Korea
addition Nigeria continues to experience longstanding ethnic and religious tensions
addition to the imprisonment of journalists Amnesty condemns efforts by authorities to interrupt the Internet inside Iran ban coverage of the unrest in local publications and prevent foreign journalists from doing their work properly
officials in Afghanistan say they have dismissed some 50 employees for suspected fraud in last month s legislative elections
Bush and Macedonian Prime Minister Vlado Buckovski have met at the White House to discuss reforms in Macedonia and the situation in Iraq
estate and oil and gas companies are the next most serious offenders
C130 aircraft was traveling from the Iraqi capital to Balad when it went down
Army officials said Wednesday that they will not renew a controversial multibillion dollar contract with the Halliburton company to provide logistical support to US troops in Iraq and elsewhere
forces are hunting down remnants of Afghanistan s ousted Taleban regime who frequently carry out hit and run attacks on coalition and Afghan government forces mainly in the country s eastern and southern regions
and the Czech Republic are the other teams advancing from GroupA
United States is Venezuela s largest oil customer
year Tehran suspended enrichment as a good faith measure to allay international concerns it is secretly pursuing nuclear weapons a charge its government denies
warns that the storm could strengthen again later Thursday
than 30000 people have been killed since then
slipped to 0 in 2009 and 15 in 2010 as a result of the global slowdown natural disasters and the drop in the price of oil
United States accuses Iran of secretly developing nuclear weapons
least 1300 Palestinians and 13 Israelis were killed during the Israeli offensive
had the same job in President Bill Clinton s administration
relations between the two countries are tense Venezuela is still a key supplier of oil to the US market
administration has come under heavy criticism over the government s relief efforts following the powerful storm
US secretary of agriculture says he has taken immediate action to ensure that future beef exports meet Japanese requirements
Interpol chief said Monday that the four men were captured last month
French government said it had arrested suspected ETA miliatry leader Garikoitz Aspiazu Rubina along with a female colleague early Monday in the Pyrenees region near the border with Spain
children s parents Christian missionaries from the US state of Oklahoma said while the children were missing they received a phone call asking for 350000 in ransom
spokesman for the Brotherhood said the arrests are an attempt to cut the Brotherhood off from its supporters and punishment for winning parliamentary seats in earlier elections
Carol Pearson reports
Fowler replied I shall now with less scruple take your life because you are willing to save it at the cost of betraying your friends and relations
also said he will not hold talks with Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas until the attacks stop
United States which endorsed Mr Flores candidacy says it respects his decision
says drugrunning Colombian rebels have planted landmines in Panama near the two countries shared border
US military says it expects an increase in insurgent attacks in Iraq as its newly elected government forms and final results from last month s general elections are released
President RAVALOMANANA worked aggressively to revive the economy following the 2002 political crisis which triggered a 12 drop in GDP that year
Minister Jose Ramon Balaguer told reporters in Havana Friday that Moore s movie screened recently at the Cannes film festival will show the world the humaneness of the Cuban health care system
part of its effort to attract foreign investment Saudi Arabia acceded to the WTO in December 2005 after many years of negotiations
families of the men sued Cuba under a US federal law allowing citizens to bring lawsuits against foreign governments in cases of terrorism
is caught in a rising wave of violence as drug cartels battle for territory and fight a nationwide crackdown led by President Felipe Calderon who has deployed tens of thousands of troops and federal police across Mexico to try to stop the violence
100000 Ethiopian Jews now live in Israel
Novosti news agency says Ukraine s penitentiary and security service officials also dismissed the Swiss report
arrests took place in the Paris suburbs of Yvelines HautsdeSeine SeineSaintDenis and the Val d Oise
is home to thousands of Palestinian refugees
of the opposition Conservative Party immediately challenged the decision
Arabiclanguage station is owned by Saudi Arabia and based in Dubai
Rumsfeld is to give his list of proposed base closings to an independent commission for review in May
military says five government soldiers were also killed in the fighting that began Saturday when militants attacked a security outpost in the region s main town of Miranshah and seized several government buildings
US President Bill Clinton says that publishing cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad was a mistake but that violent protests by Muslims have wasted a chance to build bridges with the West
rights group Amnesty International has criticized Eritrea over a mass arrest last week of thousands of youths suspected of evading military conscription
United States and the European Union say Tehran is using its nuclear program to develop atomic weapons
United States and eight other Western countries boycotted the conference over fears that it would become a forum for antiSemitism
is also an Englishlanguage section with information on recent government news biographies of officials and information for travelers to the country
United States and other Western countries accuse Iran of secretly developing nuclear weapons under cover of a civilian energy program a charge Iran denies
civilians were killed including a oneyearold girl
food that just crossed the border is intended for tens of thousands of people in Somalia s Gedo region where malnutrition rates are at emergency levels
say many of the victims were dining at the restaurants and shopping at nearby stores when the attack took place
threeyearold boy died Tuesday at a provincial hospital
other two men killed were Afghans and authorities in Kabul suspect one of them was a suicide bomber
immediately called the US embassy where officials had been looking for the teen at his parents request
date was chosen after a leading opposition activist Anatoly Krasovsky disappeared on September 16 1999
Judge Raouf AbdelRahman announced the fivejudge panel rejected a defense request to remove him and the chief prosecutor from the trial
Hispanics from the National Alliance for Human Rights are going to Tombstone to protest the Minuteman Project
violence government malfeasance and endemic crime have undermined stability and civil society
explorer Ernest SHACKLETON stopped there in 1914 en route to his illfated attempt to cross Antarctica on foot
of thousands of flagwaving Lebanese mourners packed central Beirut Thursday for the funeral of outspoken Syrian critic Gebran Tueni
the company eliminated meatcutting jobs from its entire grocery operation after some butchers voted to bring in a union
province experiences regular bombing and shooting attacks usually blamed on Baluch nationalists battling the central government for more autonomy and a larger share of the region s oil and natural gas reserves
forces resealed the barrier February 3
company officials say the attacks disrupted natural gas supplies to several districts but caused no injuries
fate of an Iraqi general abducted last week is also not known
has substantially boosted spending on job training and education most recently with the opening of the King Abdallah University of Science and Technology Saudi Arabia s first coeducational university
luck would have it they matched
least 27 people were arrested in the operation most of them in Colombia
has been pressing its neighbor for access to the man Sarabjit Singh whose 1991 conviction on spying and involvement in a series of bombings was upheld last week by Pakistan s Supreme Court
the global crisis pushed the country into recession in 2009 and GDP grew only 02 for the year
President has urged the use of the military to destroy jungle factories that produce cocaine
insurgent attacks across Iraq Tuesday killed at least 25 people including three US soldiers
was replaced with the importation of contract laborers from India between 1845 and 1917 which boosted sugar production as well as the cocoa industry
United States says it will send a team of diplomats to the Horn of Africa region to try to resolve the border dispute between Eritrea and Ethiopia
has endured volcanic activity since with the last eruption occurring in July 2003
and North Korea have not had formal bilateral talks for about a year
and Iraqi forces have ended a fourday operation Spear aimed at clearing insurgent bases and training camps in western Iraq
Jackson spokesman said the star had been hospitalized for a serious back injury
government says with the latest fighting a total of more than 120 rebels have been killed in three days of fierce clashes in the remote North Waziristan area
changes Mr Annan will call for during a speech to the General Assembly is expanding the Security Council from its current 15 members which includes five permanent seats the United States Britain France China and Russia
girl s condition is improving
spends several months a year traveling to promote Tibetan causes and recently returned to India after a visit to France
remain high in the Palestinian territories Saturday with fresh calls for demonstrations by Fatah party activists
for the race is Friday with qualifying on Saturday
Associated Press reports the National Liberation Army one of Colombia s leftist rebel groups issued a statement saying it rejects terrorism and that it hopes the governments involved in today s talks will create a greater certainty for peace in the region
won the first test of the series by 337 runs in Melbourne
said the military has successfully resisted the push
said sanctions against the country are an important part of leverage to pressure North Korea to act
Clarke told British Radio he is very happy with the way Commissioner Ian Blair and the police force are handling the inquiry into the July 22 incident in which officers mistakenly shot and killed Brazilian Jean Charles de Menezes
sentence was overturned and she was retried by a civilian court
incident is the latest crash involving Iran s aging fleet of aircraft
earlier announced the death in Guangdong province of a 44yearold woman the country s 19th fatality and the third this year
official died of his wounds four days after being ambushed in Baghdad
agreed to pursue much needed tax reform and in 2006 became eligible for the heavily indebted poor countries HIPC initiative
identified him as Shahdi Mohanna the Islamic Jihad commander for the northern Gaza Strip
said the coalition s ground and air assaults took place Monday in southern and eastern Afghanistan
and the US discussed Iraq s security situation in May during the highestlevel talks between the two countries in nearly 30 years
many rural areas of North America cowboy churches are attracting people that might shy away from traditional Christian churches
list of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed s confessions released by the Defense Department ranges from real terror attacks to plots that never happened
Wednesday authorities launched a month of official campaigning featuring free radio or television slots for each of the nearly 6000 candidates running for the national assembly or for local councils
protests took place at two other Cairo locations
two men are scheduled to speak to reporters after their meeting
rejected a US apology for the incident which capped a tense week for USVenezuelan relations
drew a distinction between these insurgent groups which he said do not kill innocent people and organizations like Abu Musab alZarqawi s alQaeda in Iraq
Bush has repeatedly called for free and fair elections in Iraq and other Middle Eastern countries
newspaper reports the number of CIA personnel in Pakistan is highly classified but says it has grown substantially in recent years
also said India might lose nearly onefifth of its rainfed cereal production
said an investigation concluded the troops burned the bodies for hygienic purposes but that junior officers who ordered the cremation will be reprimanded for showing a lack of cultural and religious understanding
with Poland are still under way
Pakistani government has summoned envoys of nine European countries to protest the publication of cartoons of the prophet Mohammed
Interfax news agency quotes her as saying Wednesday that the state will get back what was illegally handed over to what she called private but dishonest hands
of them were at the Australian Open
comments angered Pakistan
de Clerq head of the Public Servants Association says a strike may also include immigration officials who may be needed to help World Cup tourists
White House says it is doing everything it can to assist the Iraqis in moving the democratic process forward
officials said some of the protesters were armed with knives and acid
abundant supply of petroleum products generally pushes prices downward
reports quote hospitals as saying the ministry count excludes some sets of body parts
group says it is not political and that it is seeking funds to help innocent people affected by the conflict in Gaza
will produce plutonium once it is completed
activists forced to flee the building backed politicians who had been disqualified by courts from running in this year s parliamentary elections
who came to put out a fire at his apartment found the body of 32yearold Ilyas Shurpayev
victim was Brigadier General Hatim Khalaf head of the Kirkuk police operations room
article which cited unidentified US and foreign officials said the nuclear reactor was modeled on one North Korea used for stockpiling nuclear fuel
agencies say that some three million people suffered from severe food shortages in Niger in 2005
officials say the explosion Monday at a busy market in Pulwama south of Srinagar also wounded more than 70 others and damaged a school a police station and several shops
said private militias will not be tolerated at all and former fighters who surrender their arms will be integrated into the national mainstream
Action leader Henry Ramos Tuesday said election officials favor President Hugo Chavez and can not be trusted to provide a fair vote
Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan says he believes another investigation will be necessary into last month s assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri
International Committee of the Red Cross says dozens of people have been killed and at least 200 wounded during four days of fighting in southern Somalia
with the UN Food and Agriculture Organization s posttsunami operations say many areas of the hardhit western coast of Aceh remain a disaster area and sustainable recovery will be a five to 10year effort
Bless your eyes here be old Bill Barley
my small ssha
Hekmatyar In Afghanistan 17 members of the HezbeIslami militant group have laid down their arms and surrendered to authorities in the southeast of the country
denies that and says it wants only to produce lowgrade fuel for nuclear energy
say the weapons confiscated by police Saturday included grenades and other explosives
US military says a man dressed in an Afghan army uniform has shot and killed two US soldiers outside a top security prison near Kabul
Bakri triggered British outrage after the July 7 bombings in London when he said he would never tip off police if he knew a Muslim was about to carry out an attack
hundred inmates who escaped from a prison in Haiti are believed to still be at large Sunday after an attack on the national penitentiary left one guard dead
Todovic is the first suspect the Bosnian Serb government has handed over to The Hague war crimes tribunal
suicide carbomb explosion in Baghdad near the headquarters of Prime Minister Iyad Allawi s political party killed two police and a civilian and wounded more than 20 people
PKK has been fighting for Kurdish autonomy in southeastern Turkey for nearly 25 years
week the Bush administration announced it would spend more than 10 billion in Afghanistan for security and reconstruction
other news NATO reports a Canadian soldier with its International Security Assistance Force was killed and four others wounded in the Panjwayi district of Kandahar on Monday
say his twoday visit will focus on security issues and promoting bilateral relations
health workers are said to have received 13 million illegally
blast was the biggest bombing in Iraq since April 29th when more than 50 people were killed in bombings in Shiite districts in Baghdad
accused him of misusing 365000 in government funds while Taipei mayor
Associated Press also reports that Philippine Foreign Undersecretary Jose Brillantes urged the estimated 6000 Filipinos now working across the Middle East to take precautions against possible attacks in the region
violence came as Mr Rumsfeld visited US troops in Mosul and Baghdad
say they aim to develop a hemispheric television network to provide programs from a Latin American perspective
region subsequently came under the control of Germans Poles Swedes and finally Russians
members of his unit and some interrogators have either been convicted or pleaded guilty to abuse assault or other charges
highest court has ruled that random data profiling for terror suspects is legal only when the country faces a specific threat to security or lives
rival Palestinian groups Fatah and Hamas formed a unity government in March
says the agreement does not provide enough safeguards
say the new planes will expand the range of surveillance radar and can also guide fighter planes to intercept incoming aircraft
World Health Organization report issued Tuesday said one factor behind cancer s growing deadliness is rising cigarette smoking in developing countries
Israelis consider the war a failure because Israel did not defeat Hezbollah or get back the two soldiers whose kidnapping by the Islamic militant group triggered the war
returned some 20 months later with a few companions in a small boat and arranged a successful rescue for the rest of his crew stranded off the Antarctic Peninsula
Iraq Study Group is cochaired by former secretary of state James Baker and former Democratic congressman Lee Hamilton
cyclone also destroyed roughly two million tons of rice
a person claiming to be a Taleban spokesman claimed responsibility for the attack
has based troops at former Soviet bases in Georgia since 1991 and had promised to pull them all out by 2008
say some people on line started pushing and panic ensued when a security guard used force to restore order
victims included a Turk and a Georgian
man had been living at a guest house connected to the Internet cafe
was widely expected to leave the army after he was pushed aside near the end of the 34day war against Hezbollah guerrillas in Lebanon
indicated she would like to return to private life Clinton had been first lady of the United States while her husband Bill Clinton served as US President from 1992 to 2000
British soldiers are seen beating detained young Iraqi protesters with batons and kicking them
double suicide attack on a Pakistani military checkpoint near Quetta has killed at least 11 people and wounded several others
Bush withdrew from the current Kyoto Protocol in 2001 saying its limits on greenhouse gasses would harm the US economy because developing countries were not held to the same standards
a statement alQaida in the Arabian Peninsula said their militants will not stop attacks until infidels Westerners have been eliminated from Saudi soil
government has 1800 troops in Afghanistan as part of a NATO force
vice president is an avid hunter
in Mogadishu have not determined a motive for the shooting
September 2003 Swedish voters turned down entry into the euro system concerned about the impact on the economy and sovereignty
video captured on a mobile phone camera showed footage and sound of Saddam being taunted and then dropping to his death
increasingly frail 84yearold pope suffers from Parkinson s disease and arthritis but continues to maintain a full travel schedule hold audiences and perform his papal duties
US military says it has released about 1000 prisoners from Abu Ghraib prison after Iraqi authorities requested they be set free
Benedict XVI has visited the Italian city of LAquilla and other central Italian locales devastated earlier this month by a deadly earthquake
African summit beginning Monday is being held just days before the leaders of the Group of Eight industrialized nations gather in Scotland to discuss debt relief for the wartorn povertystricken continent
for May delivery fell a bit more than two cents to close at 1224 per pound
of civilians fled clashes between soldiers and the rebels
Obama made the announcement Friday during a visit to a window manufacturer located outside of Washington DC s appointment is the latest major staff change for the Obama administration as it begins dealing with a new Republican majority in the House of Representatives and planning for the president s likely reelection campaign in 2012
island economy suffers from a poor natural resource base including serious water shortages exacerbated by cycles of longterm drought and poor soil for agriculture on several of the islands
two leaders are expected to focus on the international response to Iran s controversial nuclear program
also met Saturday with Burma s foreign minister
hydropower and iron ore constitute the resource base of an economy heavily oriented toward foreign trade
official news agency reported President Bashar alAssad sent a message to members of the UN Security Council which is expected to consider sanctions over the killing
was greatest of all when i no see any figure there
union the 210000 member Public Servants Association had threatened to begin its strike Thursday
a statement released after Mr Cheney s speech Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada accused the Bush administration of playing politics with the war in Iraq
Pakistani government has strongly condemned the air strikes saying they undermine Pakistan s counterterrorism efforts
news agencies said late Friday that police in the city of Zahedan cordoned off the neighborhood where the incident took place
Hersh asserts the administration proceeded with the plan despite Congressional objections
soldiers and police began setting up checkpoints on the southern and northern outskirts of the city early Sunday and later began streettostreet sweeps
says there was no physical confrontation when it ordered the ship to turn around
Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad says it has ordered its gunmen in the Gaza Strip to stop firing rockets at Israeli targets while Israel prepares for and completes its Gaza evacuation
also criticized several Iraqi government officials and the US Ambassador to Iraq
incident comes just days after crossborder raids on three Chadian border villages killed nine civilians
the occupied West Bank the Israeli military said a Palestinian man tried to stab a soldier near a Jewish settlement
US government audit shows that at least 232 civilians have been killed while working on US reconstruction projects in Iraq
the Taleban regime was ousted in late 2001 many Pakistanis were jailed in Afghanistan and some were sent to Guantanamo
violence comes just two days after Iraqi police said masked gunmen killed 14 people during a brazen daytime robbery at jewelry stores in the capital
Mughal Empire flourished in the 16th and 17th centuries the British came to dominate the region in the 18th century
the dead were 14 American military personnel four US civilian contractors and four Iraqi security force members
remark came a day after Mr Berlusconi traded insults in a political debate with his chief political rival centerleft leader Romano Prodi
African Union official says two of the mission s peacekeepers have been killed in an ambush in Sudan s volatile Darfur region
Democratia a Romanian civil rights group says it will pull its election monitors from the second round of voting to protest reported irregularities
latter area was transferred to Australia in 1902 which occupied the northern portion during World War I and continued to administer the combined areas until independence in 1975
is the first stop on a five day three nation tour that will also take Mr Bush to Germany and Slovakia
President Vladimir Putin says he believes Iran is cooperating sufficiently with the United Nations nuclear agency and UN sanctions will cause new problems
National Electoral Board said Wednesday that the opposition claims were not backed by any evidence
casualties were reported
tests by the state medical examiner s office confirmed he committed suicide by sealing himself inside a bathroom with two charcoal grills
officials say that on July 31 the rebels took away more than 150 women from four villages in the Bajura district and 70 people from several villages in neighboring Accham district
antiTHAKSIN People s Alliance for Democracy PAD aka yellowshirts in May 2008 began street demonstrations against the new government eventually occupying the prime minister s office in August and Bangkok s two international airports in November
says it withdrew its last troops based in Georgia Thursday months ahead of schedule
say the bomber detonated his explosives when police stopped his car for a search
said he did so to defeat an escalating Maoist insurgency that has claimed more than 10000 lives since 1996
leader of the Shiite militant group Hezbollah is blaming President Bush for last week s sectarian violence in Lebanon
Kojo Afari Djan however said the winner of the election would be determined Friday after voters in Tain constituency in the Brong Ahafo region cast their votes
Interior Minister Jose Antonio Alonso says Croatian war crimes suspect General Ante Gotovina will be extradited to the United Nations tribunal in The Hague as soon possible
say OPEC s downward adjustment stems in part from a slowing US economy which is expected to have an important impact on the crude oil market
a November USled offensive against insurgents in Fallujah many fighters fled to Mosul
chairman of the Kenya Media Council Wachira Waruru called the measure a blow against freedom of the press
of those charged were part of a military police company based in the US state of Maryland
US military says four Iraqi civilians were killed and 19 people including two American soldiers were wounded when a car bomb exploded near a US military convoy in the northern town of Baiji Tuesday
recent increase in violence in Baluchistan has been blamed on local tribesmen who want a bigger share of the revenue from the region s mineral and oil resources
said preliminary investigation indicates that a technical problem rather than pilot error cause the crash
a system of close government and business ties including directed credit and import restrictions made this success possible
widow of the shuttle s commander joined a top NASA official in laying a wreath at a memorial that bears the names of the seven astronauts and other fallen space explorers
said a roadside bomb in Taji north of the city killed a civilian and wounded five other people
16 nations using the euro as their currency have not done as well
say Madhuri Gupta was charged Tuesday under the Official Secrets Act
final step will be President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad s signature
National Basketball Association and Women s NBA are combining their aid efforts
authorities say they found bird flu on two farms south and north of Moscow
and abrupt movement he carry the whole in im arms at once without
justice ministry says it has ordered a criminal investigation into Prime Minister Ehud Olmert s role in the sale of an Israeli bank two years ago
said the general is an astute judge of people and trained in psychological warfare making him an expert at divideandrule tactics
police say a car bomb in central Tel Aviv has killed the suspected leader of one of the country s top crime families
claimed her evidence citing incidents from the 1970s and 80s was irrelevent and would delay the start of the trial
US military also says Iraqi soldiers rescued three Red Crescent employees from kidnappers Monday near the AlNida Mosque in Baghdad
along with Russia has called for restraint in handling the situation
three nations have met on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit for the past six years
primary task is to bring the Olympic title back to the United States
US military says rescue teams have reached the wreckage of a helicopter that went down Tuesday in eastern Afghanistan but there is still no word on the fate of the 17 US troops on board
and his wife soprano Galina Vishnevskaya left the Soviet Union in 1974 in response to political persecution
head of the UN investigation into the Iraq oilforfood program says Saddam Hussein illegally obtained more money from oil smuggling than from corruption in the UN program
Monday police killed a suicide bomber trying to assassinate a regional education minister also in the northwest
people gathered near the wreckage a second suicide bomber triggered another explosion
Organization of American States says it will send election observers to monitor Suriname s parliamentary elections to be held May 25
foreign ministers of Japan and South Korea have discussed their strained relations in a meeting on the sidelines of an Asian summit in Malaysia s capital Kuala Lumpur
this month USbased Human Rights Watch accused Kenyan politicians local leaders and businessmen of organizing attacks on rival ethnic groups
supercombi is a new version of the traditional combined race
spokesman says gunmen shot at a group of nine French nationals as they rested at a roadside killing three and injuring at least one other
officials say many Uzbeks were among those killed or captured Wednesday in Pakistan s South Waziristan region
state energy company Gazprom has agreed to help Iran further develop its oil and natural gas fields but most projects are currently on hold because of sanctions
of foreigners have been kidnapped in Iraq over the past year some by groups with political demands others by criminals seeking ransom
vote will follow President Viktor Yushchenko s decision Wednesday to again nominate her for the post
tropical storm watch is posted from west of Lazaro Cardenas to Cabo Corrientes
stateowned natural gas firm Gazprom has announced plans to buy a controlling stake in the Russian daily Izvestia
says trash and other evidence was found in the tunnel indicating it had been used recently
car bomb blasts near the Shiite shrine city of Karbala in southern Iraq have killed at least 20 people and wounded more than 50 others
are frequent in the Gaza Strip
closed its border with Somalia in January during fighting that pitted Islamic militia against Somali government troops and their Ethiopian allies
moderated to about 4 5 annually between 2003 and 2007
senior US diplomats are meeting with the new leader of southern Sudan s former rebel movement Wednesday in an effort to ensure that the sudden death of Vice President John Garang will not derail the peace process
police have arrested three men in connection with the October 1 Bali bombings that left 23 people dead
was first settled in 1609 by shipwrecked English colonists headed for Virginia
say the attacker was riding a motorcycle when he detonated his explosives outside of the police headquarters
Saudi monarch is the guest of honor at Thursday s Indian Republic Day celebrations
say the young girls were playing with the toyshaped explosive when it went off Friday in Kel village near the line of control dividing Pakistani and Indian Kashmir
also described faith as a means of counteracting violence and a way of bringing attention to such problems as poverty and hunger in the world
White House report has called for changes in the government s response to disasters such as Hurricane Katrina
search continued Saturday for more people missing from the wooden boat which flipped over just 100 meters from the dock in the port of Djibouti
said delaying the shipments could also cause higher prices and shortages in the next few months
President Barack Obama called the heads of the nation s largest banks to the White House for talks Friday in the latest effort to find ways to bolster the battered US economy
was arrested Tuesday near the western city of Osnabrueck
Iraq s constitution the new parliament should convene within the next two weeks
police say a container of swine flu virus samples packed in dry ice burst late Monday as it was being shipped on a Swiss train from Zurich to Geneva
concerns have plagued Pakistan for many years and some foreign sports teams have refused to play in the country
the United States and the European Union criticized the election as falling short of international standards
from the Lord s Resistance Army are notorious for attacking civilians and kidnapping children for use as soldiers or sex slaves
oft oer reaches itself
him life
No fair babe if you no like either of us
Listen to everything and judge for yourself now my motto be
report released Monday said the depletion of ice caps could also contribute to global warming because the ice sheets reflect the sun s heat away from the Earth s surface
marches are planned across the nation in the latest of a series of such protests
and mosquito netting are also in short supply
and Saudi Arabia have signed a memorandum of understanding to combat terrorism
in the northwest clashes between a progovernment tribal militia and militants killed at least 12 people late Friday in the remote Mohmand region along the Afghan border
new report by a the Malaria Research and Development Alliance says the 258 million donation equals more than threequarters of the entire global spending on research into the disease last year
from Iran say police have exchanged gunfire with militants following an explosion near a school in the southeastern part of the country
United States invaded Iraq citing concerns about alleged weapons of mass destruction programs
new reward equals nearly 11000
the deal announced Monday Seven I will buy a 65 percent stake in Millennium Retailing which runs the Seibu and Sogo chains
was also special envoy to Kosovo
officials said the small ward will mean Cambodian patients do not have to travel more deeply into Vietnam for treatment
called the opposition members provocateurs and said their plan to hold an opening session is an attempt to derail parliamentary elections later this month
group urged the Solomon Islands to rehabilitate and release the dolphins into the wild
explosion occurred in the town of Jalawla in Diyala province
Geneva the World Health Organization marked Wednesday by urging that nations take steps to ensure women and girls are given better access to AIDS prevention and treatment services
proUSimmigration rally has been held in the same Los Angeles park where a similar rally earlier this month ended in a clash between demonstrators and police
Aguilar Zinser spent years as a leftist politician in the Mexican legislature
at least three Iraq police were killed in another roadside explosion in the city
Tueni is the third antiSyrian figure to be killed since the February 14 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri
for the Swazis of southern Africa was guaranteed by the British in the late 19th century independence was granted in 1968
a broadcast address to the nation Thursday General Musharraf promised stern action against those involved in the printing publication and distribution of hate material including newspapers magazines pamphlets and audio and video material
Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura arrives Sunday in Beijing for talks with his Chinese counterpart Li Zhaoxing to discuss relations between the two countries
experienced several security incidents in 2010 including a mass prisonbreak from a Dushanbe detention facility the country s first suicide car bombing in Khujand and armed conflict between government forces and opposition militants in the Rasht Valley
deal does not allow Turkey to send its troops into Iraq
alQaidalinked militants have raided a village in the southern Philippines killing at least 11 people
least 182 rebels are now free
gain came despite recent reports that the prime minister intends to extend Japan s Iraqi mission
prince will become the latest member of Britain s royal family to see frontline action since his uncle Prince Andrew the Duke of York served as a helicopter pilot during the 1982 Falklands War
Chavez was first elected in 1998
Mayan Indian village was buried in a mudslide triggered by Stan s torrential rains
Russian star said she is not sure she will be ready to play in the Australian Open the first major tournament of 2006
leaders have been pressing Sudan to accept a UN peacekeeping force in Darfur
has issued a new set of rules that statemedia said would better protect religious freedoms in the officially atheist country
soldiers on stand by in the Gush Katif bloc of Jewish settlements leading to the site were Palestinian militants attacked an army post near EgyptGaza border Israeli security officials say three soldiers have been wounded in an attack by Palestinian militants
fighting between majority Sunnis and minority Shiites erupted Friday in and around the town of Parachinar in the semiautonomous Kurram region
outbreak of cholera in West Africa has killed at least 177 people and sickened more than 9000 in GuineaBissau within the past month
talks could come before sixparty talks on North Korea s nuclear ambitions resume
Ahmadinejad also said he sees no possibility of a US attack on Iran
police have found several victims from similar attacks earlier this year
has reopened a key border crossing in the northern Gaza Strip and says it will allow 1000 Palestinian workers and hundreds of Gaza merchants to enter on Thursday
analysts say the famine was not from natural causes but instead was the result of government policies under Soviet dictator Josef Stalin
confidence figures give experts clues about consumer spending which drives most US economic activity
World War II Korea was split with the northern half coming under Sovietsponsored Communist control
Ministry officials say the patient had been in contact with sick chickens in the West Java district of Bekasi
played for Sweden in two World Cups and one Olympics
detained included United Civic Party leader Anatol Liabedzka
January 2004 thousands have been killed as separatists in Thailand s southern ethnic MalayMuslim provinces increased the violence associated with their cause
Korea this week launched seven missiles including a longrange Taepodong2 believed to be able to reach the United States
Defense Minister Karl Theodor zu Guttenberg says Army Inspector General Wolfgang Schneiderhan failed to provide adequate information about the incident in which civilians were killed
has carried out numerous strikes in Gaza since a Palestinian suicide bomber killed five Israelis in central Israel October 26
Obama will meet with Ghanaian President John AttaMills to discuss a range of bilateral and regional issues
Israeli parliament has rejected a bill calling for a national referendum on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon s plan to evacuate settlers and troops from the Gaza Strip and four small West Bank enclaves later this year
army says it targeted a man who was collecting a rocket launcher from an area used to fire rockets at Israel recently
thirdseeded Malisse rallied after dropping the first set to eliminate sixthseeded Florian Mayer of Germany 06Jul 06Feb 06Mar
European Union is one of Ethiopia s largest aid donors
actors Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are donating 2 million to a wildlife sanctuary in Namibia where they spent Christmas with their children
received its first disbursement from the 540 million Millennium Challenge Account compact it signed in September 2009 for infrastructure and agriculture development
made the comments Thursday in Kazakhstan
Afghan leader also invited Mr Bush to visit and address the new parliament once it convenes
prime minister and most cabinet members are MPP members
analysts say the agreement will do little to change Chad s political climate considering President Deby has managed to keep a firm hold on power
animal rights group says more than 40 dolphins are being held under what it calls appalling conditions in the Solomon Islands
operation is aimed at strengthening security to ensure that the parliamentary election in about four months can be conducted as smoothly as Afghanistan s landmark presidential ballot in October
US Geological Survey says the quake had a 69 magnitude and was centered about 245 kilometers north of Qamdo prefecture which borders China s Sichuan province
Katrina slammed into southeast Florida Thursday leaving at least seven people dead
it was not until August 22 that they were discovered alive
President Dmitri Medvedev has arrived the Kazakhstan capital Astana on his first trip abroad since taking office earlier this month
more than 10000 Hamas sympathizers gathered in the West Bank towns of Ramallah and Nablus to mark this week s oneyear anniversary of the death of Hamas founder Sheik Ahmed Yassin
delegation is expected to return to Johannesburg later today
victims usually are released unharmed but in many cases only after a ransom is paid
key Palestinian militant groups say they are ending a truce aimed at easing attacks on Israel
accuse Mr Bush of emphasizing antiterror efforts lately to distract from the increasingly unpopular war in Iraq
Turkish military said Thursday that it targeted 13 facilities belonging to the Kurdistan Workers Party PKK in the Zap region near the Turkish border
say the officer and another civilian were wounded in the attack
officials are trying to increase the city s consumption of fruits and vegetables especially in less affluent neighborhoods where obesity rates are higher
say MajorGeneral Shujaat Zamir Dar was on an inspection flight when he was hit in the leg by shrapnel from the exploding rocket
says its troops were searching for wanted militants and shot the three men as they tried to flee
Spanish judge has charged 29 people with the 2004 Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people and ruled that alQaida was not involved
2004 South Korea joined the trillion dollar club of world economies and currently is among the world s 20 largest economies
Bloomberg says he will ask a judge to take legal action against the union
also says it will lend Venezuela 1 billion to buy military hardware
says it wants to set an example that renewable energy can be profitable
death toll from Saturday s roof collapse in southern Poland has risen to 65 as rescue workers pulled three more bodies from the wreckage
troops have killed three suspected Palestinian militants in the West Bank
decades of economic mismanagement and resource misallocation the DPRK since the mid1990s has relied heavily on international aid to feed its population
diving is one of the sports guaranteed to attract a large audience at the Summer Olympics in Beijing
was not immediately clear if any survivors were found
was no word on the cause of the crash or how many people were on board but news reports say wreckage from the plane was spread over a large area
is dedicated to the destruction of Israel and its military wing has been involved in scores of attacks
children come from different parts of the country
say an adviser to the Afghan Ministry of Rural Development Akhtar Kohistani was abducted from his inlaws house or wife s relatives house in Chitral Pakistan late Sunday
You get violin
If i dark like night
calmed and warmed by dis good tins young crowberry gradually became a reasonable human being
in Iraq Tuesday released a video tape that shows a US citizen held hostage and saying his life is in danger
two sides have been discussing forming a socalled Grand Coalition of their two parties after neither side could get enough backing in parliament to form a government
say a third bomb wounded three people in the southwestern Jihad district and a fourth in western Baghdad s Harithiya district wounded two
its website the Coalition says it is concerned that the new policy amounts to religious profiling
rejected suggestions that China forced his resignation
construction on the BakuTbilisiCeyhan oil pipeline the BakuTbilisiErzerum gas pipeline and the KarsAkhalkalaki Railroad are part of a strategy to capitalize on Georgia s strategic location between Europe and Asia and develop its role as a transit point for gas oil and other goods
related news a conservation group says 14 elephants have been illegally killed during the last two weeks in the Democratic Republic of Congo s Virunga National Park
United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization says 36 countries are currently dependent on external food aid and says civil strife and bad weather are primarily to blame
were convicted of plotting to kill Mr Castro during the 2000 IberoAmerican summit in Panama City
candidate Charles Baker who has about eight percent of the vote has called for an investigation into reports of people voting multiple times
militants have shot and killed a man for teaching English in eastern Afghanistan sparking a gunbattle that left two militants and two policemen dead
win improved the Americans record against the Swedes to 16 wins in 25 matches
Musharraf was referring to a report in a Pakistani newspaper The News Daily that speculated he was about to quit following a meeting with the general on Wednesday
Project Venezuela and Copei parties also announced their withdrawal from the elections
has reopened a key Gaza border crossing ahead of an IsraeliPalestinian summit set for Tuesday in Egypt
addition to attending rallies doctors and medical students who work in public healthcare facilities are on strike
military says troops entered the West Bank city of Tulkarm Sunday in search of two wanted militants
ministers also discussed expanding the 5000 strong NATOled peacekeeping force in Afghanistan
has been suffering through the world economic crisis along with many other global automakers
US Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker says the smuggling began before the start of the oilforfood program and was known to the United Nations Security Council
Israeli military began an offensive in Gaza after militants kidnapped an Israeli soldier in June
President Barack Obama says improvements in the American health care system are inevitable
accident happened one day after a fire at a coal mine in northeastern China killed at least five miners and trapped 30
police have arrested a key Syrian witness in a United Nations probe of the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri
oil minister Hussein alShahristani had declared as illegal a previous agreement between the Kurdish regional government and a foreign oil company Hunt Oil
pointed to the truss of hay and said What are those two curious things sticking out of the hay
European Parliament has started its own investigation into reports of CIA secret prisons in Eastern Europe
modern country of Mongolia however represents only part of the Mongols historical homeland more ethnic Mongolians live in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region in the People s Republic of China than in Mongolia
rebels are accused of kidnapping thousands of children and using them as fighters or sex slaves
Gazprom chief Alexei Miller said the Yuganskneftegaz production unit would become an independent state company led by Rosneft head Sergei Bogdanchikov
say two of the wounded are in critical condition
OAS and Suriname officials agreed to the monitors Friday in Washington
parties boycotted the 2006 presidential balloting that led to Mr Deby s reelection
and Muslim leaders and activists are meeting in Austria for a conference on Islam and ways to promote understanding between Muslims and nonMuslims
say security police launched a raid early Tuesday and detained nine suspects in Vollsmose a mostly immigrant neighborhood in the city of Odense
ministers of Russia and Ukraine have adjourned until Thursday their talks in Moscow on a huge price hike sought for deliveries by Russia s staterun natural gas company Gazprom
fear the death count could rise as several people are reported missing
in Angola say 14 more people have died from the Marburg virus raising the death toll from the outbreak to 146
a statement issued Tuesday Deputy Spokesman Adam Ereli called the economic pact Nicaragua s best opportunity to gain the benefits of trade and investment
the close of World War II Germany was divided into two separate countries governed under separate ideologies of democracy and communism
White House spokesman praised Mr Barzani Tuesday as a leader committed to building a free and democratic Iraq
died from carbon monoxide poisoning
Israeli army said the operation was aimed at preventing terrorist threats
December Iraq s interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said the trials of top officials of the ousted regime would begin within weeks
and Bolivia are associate members
CAT fell in love with a handsome young man and entreated Venus to change her into the form of a woman
economy contracted 07 in 2009 but resumed growth at more than 3 in 2010
Ugandan military says rebels from the Lord s Resistance Army ambushed an army vehicle early Saturday near the northern town of Gulu
said decreased winds and slightly cooler temperatures have helped firefighters contain the blazes
economy experienced GDP growth of more than 10 per year during 2006 7 but entered a severe recession in 2008 as a result of an unsustainable current account deficit and large debt exposure amid the softening world economy
American Red Cross also has a registry of the missing
Israeli airstrike has killed five Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip
Gaza Egypt border is rife with weapons smuggling and is the scene of frequent fighting between Israeli troops and Palestinians
