E b tim u 11 ARONI Adisa Ajetunmobi MURETE Srgun Soforvote roREST HEAD ) OGUN Afolabi Ajayi (OBANE JI) ESHUORO Remi Ade/eye ow a ona El G b 1 Dancers The Ezeagu District Daucing Uuion DEALER �nd CRIER Other parts The Compauy Characters '1"M Guuts of Honour fOREST HEAD masquerading as DEAD WOMAN DBAD MAN '1"M Town Dwtllers ADENEBI Council 01'3tor OBANEJI DEMOKB A Carver ROLA A Courtesan Obaneji fOREST ClllER THB QUESTIONER THE INTERPRETER JESTER to Eshuoro THE TRIPLETS THE HALf-(;HILD THE ANTS AGDOREKO Elder of Scaled Lips OLD MAN A Council Elder SPIIIlTS of the PALM, DARKNESS, lllVERS, etc.
‘True to God who made me,’ he insisted. - ‘I use to regret it.
’ A huge, tough-looking member of the Minister’s entourage who stood with us at the back of the dais raised his voice and said: ‘You see wetin I de talk.
‘You see how e de do as if to say money be san-san,’ he was saying.
‘People wey de jealous the money gorment de pay Minister no sabi say no be him one de chop am.
I no de keep anini for myself, na so so troway.
If some person come to you and say “I wan’ make you Minister” make you run like blazes comot.
Make you put Minister money for my hand and all the wahala on top. - I no mind at all.
My people get one proverb: they say that when poor man done see with him own eye how to make big man e go beg make e carry him poverty de go je-je.
Poor beginning–an orphan, I believe–no school education, plenty of good looks and an iron determination, both of which she put to good account; beginning as a street hawker, rising to a small trader, and then to a big one.
‘Make you no go near am-o.
I no go tell you lie girls for this una part sabi fine-o.
But much as I wanted to go to Europe I wasn’t going to sell my soul for it or beg anyone to help me.
He invited me to come and spend my holidays with him in the capital and while I was there he would try and find out from his Cabinet colleague, the Minister of Overseas Training, whether there was anything doing.
‘If you come as soon as you close,’ he said, ‘you can stay in my guest-room with everything complete–bedroom, parlour, bathroom, latrine, everything–self- contained.
’ ‘Make you no min’ am, sha-a,’ said Mrs John to me.
If he tell you stand make you run. - ’ Everybody laughed.
Wetin I do you? Everybody here sabi say me na good Christian.
‘They are going to give me doctorate degree,’ he announced proudly.
‘But the man wey I like him name pass na “Chief the Honourable Alhaji Doctor Mongo Sego, M. - P.
I done talk say na only for election time woman de get equality for dis our country.
‘How the go de go?’ I asked. - ’ I asked
Wetin? So person no fit talk any serious talk with you.
‘Sir?’ ‘Government done pass new law say na only two times a day person go de chop now. - For morning and for afternoon.
’ Actually I was amused how Andrew was desperately trying to convince himself–and me–that he had gone to the reception with the avowed intention to deflate his empty-headed kontriman.
’ ‘That is true,’ I said, ‘but the outside world isn’t all that important, is it? In any case people like Chief Nanga don’t care two hoots about the outside world.
’ ‘He give you appointment?’ ‘No, but…’ ‘Make you park for outside. - ’ ‘He give you appointment
I go go haskam if he want see you.
Wetin be your name?’ Fortunately the Minister, who was apparently relaxing with his family in the lounge came to the door, and on seeing us rushed outside and threw his arm round me. - Then his wife and three of his children trooped out and joined in the excited welcoming.
He na my very good friend, no be so, driver?’ ‘Yes, sir, master,’ said the driver, who had hitherto seemed a most unfriendly man to me. - Now he broke into a broad smile showing smoke-and kola-stained teeth.
‘Why I go kill my master?’ he asked of a now considerably sobered audience.
‘Abi my head no correct? And even if to say I de craze why I no go go jump for inside lagoon instead to kill my master?’ His words carried conviction. - ’ His words carried conviction
Small thing you begin holler “they done kill me, they done kill me!” Like person wey scorpion done lego am for him prick.
‘Why I no go fear?’ asked Chief Koko laughing foolishly. - ’ asked Chief Koko laughing foolishly
‘If na you you no go piss for inside your trouser?’ ‘Nonsense! Why I go fear? I kill person?’ They carried on in this vein for quite a while. - I sipped my whisky quietly, avoiding the eyes of both.
‘Wetin you fit cook?’ asked Chief Nanga as he perused the young man’s sheaf of testimonials, probably not one of them genuine.
’ ‘You no sabi cook African chop?’ ‘Ahh! That one I no sabi am-o,’ he admitted. - ’ ‘Ahh
’ ‘Wetin you de chop for your own house?’ I asked, being irritated by the idiot. - ’ I asked, being irritated by the idiot
‘Wetin I de chop for my house?’ he repeated after me. - ’ he repeated after me
Greatly encouraged the cook added: ‘How man wey get family go begin enter kitchen for make bitterleaf and egusi? Unless if the man no get shame. - ’ We agreed with him but he lost the job because Chief Nanga preferred bitterleaf and egusi to chicken puri–whatever that was.
’ ‘Who tell am say na Elsie be im name? When you see am again make you tell am say im own Elsie na counterfeit. - ’ ‘Who tell am say na Elsie be im name
But Odili, you self na waa! How you no even reach Bori finish you done de begin meet another Elsie for party? Make you take am je-je-o. - ’ ‘Relax,’ I said, imitating Jean.
‘Abi dem take Elsie make juju for me?’ I asked, laughing. - ‘I know?’ she shrugged.
‘Wetin be the name of your friend’s car?’ ‘Cadillac. - ’ ‘Cadillac
‘Na tough car! Eje-je-je! You think say these people go go another heaven after this?’ ‘My sister I no know-o. - ‘Na tough car - Eje-je-je - ’ ‘My sister I no know-o
Any way make we follow them chop small for dis world.
‘Which person tell am na bobby them de take do the thing? Nonsense. - ’ ‘But that woman na waa,’ I said.
‘Any person wey tell you say woman no get sense just de talk pure jargon.
‘How they de make that one again?’ ‘My sister, make you de ask them for me-o. - I be think say na me one never hear that kind thing before.
Wetin be Minister? No be public football? So instead for me to sidon rest for house like other people I de go knack grammar for this hot afternoon. - No be public football
‘I dress to please myself, sir,’ said the writer becoming suddenly defiant. - ‘Let me tell you,’ said Chief Nanga in a softened but firm tone.
The greatest criticism a man like him seemed capable of evoking in our country was an indulgent: ‘Make you no min’ am.
You go do the thing sotay you go beg say you no want again. - Ha, ha, ha, ha!’ ‘What a country!’ I said.
Make e carry im bad luck de go. - Na my own mistake for bring am here.
When they call those wey get motor you go follow them comot? Foolish idiot. - Foolish idiot
‘Na him make accident de kill them for road every day. - Nonsense!’ As I approached the wards the man’s shrill voice rang in my ear pronouncing one evil wish after another.
‘If na play we de play make you tell us because me I no wan waste my time for nothing sake.
Or you think say na so so talk talk you go take win Chief Nanga.
If Government no give you plenty money for election make you go tell them no be sand sand we de take do am….
How Government go give us money…?’ ‘But na who de give the er weting call… P. - C.
‘This no be matter for joke; we wan the money to pay certain porsons wey go go him house for night and burn him car.
‘Look my frien I done tell you say if you no wan serious for this business make you go rest for house.
I done see say you want play too much gentleman for this matter… Dem tell you say na gentlemanity de give other people minister…? Anyway wetin be my concern there? Na you sabi.
It was interesting to me–thinking about it later–how Chief Nanga who had been so loudly interceding for me (or appearing to do so) suddenly withdrew into expectant silence, praying no doubt that my father’s rage would push him over the brink.
‘A-a, weting happen to the news?’ asked puzzled Boniface the first time I played this trick. - ’ asked puzzled Boniface the first time I played this trick
‘E no good make man de for darkness. - ’ Two days later I had relented.
‘If I be you I go take am down too, when I done finish take am up.
Turn you back make I see the nyarsh you go take fight Nanga.
‘But one thing I must make clear,’ he said suddenly. - ‘You have brought this trouble into my compound so you should carry it.
’ ‘But why?’ ‘You de ask why, instead to thank God that they done withdraw your case?’ My case? I tried hard to remember but couldn’t and gave up. - My father should be coming any minute now and he would know.
For I do honestly believe that in the fat-dripping, gummy, eat-and- let-eat regime just ended–a regime which inspired the common saying that a man could only be sure of what he had put away safely in his gut or, in language ever more suited to the times: ‘you chop, me self I chop, palaver finish’; a regime in which you saw a fellow cursed in the morning for stealing a blind man’s stick and later in the evening saw him again mounting the altar of the new shrine in the presence of all the people to whisper into the ear of the chief celebrant–in such a regime, I say, you died a good death if your life had inspired someone to come forward and shoot your mur derer in the chest–without asking to be paid. - The End
If you are smart you will leave true masquerades up to those who know what to do with juju.
“But you two little superintelligent vagabonds know, don’t you?” “You talking about us being an Oha coven, Oga?” Chichi asked, perking up. - “Yes.
Deepening his voice for emphasis, he said, “You see me again and you go see plenty hot peppa.
“What music you got?” “If it’s got gam-gbam dim-dim that shakes the very air I breathe, I dey grab,” Jesus’s General said.
“Oga,” she whispered, “these days I don’t really think I know who I am. - ” Anatov was silent.
“Only official dem can enter this way.
Didn’t I?” “You explain what? I beg you, no make me vex… Imagine! Hmm! But woman done chop sand for dis world-o… Imagine! But na we de causam; na we own fault. - Didn’t I - ” “You explain what - Hmm
Why you no drive me home yourself if say you know arm robbers done nish for Bassa.
Why your battery no down for afternoon when you come pick me. - ” “Because you can manage a weak battery in the daytime but not at night, Elewa.
Tomorrow make you take your nonsense battery come pick me again.
I no want make you join all the loose women for Bassa who no de sleep for house.
” She red back then: “Anoder time you wan’ poke make you go call dat sister of yours, you hear?” When we parted I thought we were through. - But next morning in the middle of my editorial conference my stenographer came in from the outer oce and asked me to take a call.
The driver protests: “I beg make you no ash light for my eye. - Wayting?” “I want to be able to recognize you in the morning.
“Na him make I no de gree come for dis una bigman quarter.
” “Do you know it is an oence to operate a vehicle without interior lights according to the Criminal Code chapter forty-eight section sixteen subsection one hundred and six?” “Na today—even na jus’ now as I de come here de light quench out.
Tomorrow morning, rst thing, make you go for mechanic xam proper.
” “Driver, kick moto make we de go, I beg you. - ” I will keep trying till I nd a reason that clicks with her.
Whatever they choose to do prior to sleeping is no reason to deny them that right.
And then— mixed metaphors, unmixed blessings—shake you like a miner panning for gold! When we agree about sleeping separately we will have great times together.
“I beg una-o,” said its peace-loving owner, “make I de use my thing for walking-stick. - ” “E better so.
No be for see umbrella we de roast for sun since we waka come here dis morning.
” I began to wonder at one point if I hadn’t made a foolish gesture in refusing the ticket for one of those nicely spaced-out, numbered seats, that now seemed so desirably cool.
And the fool who oppresses him will make a particular point of that enjoyment: You see, they are not in the least like ourselves.
The young trader found his voice then and asked, timidly: “Oga, you want kill me?” “If I kill you I kill dog,” said the soldier with a vehemence I found totally astounding.
“Make I x madame small sometin,” he pleaded.
” “What is it?” “Because I don’t want to…” We laughed and I tried to kiss her but she covered my mouth with the palm of her hand… “Wait! I haven’t nished yet…” And she sang the rest: “but twelve o’clock done knack and my mama go vex with me. - ” “What is it
So Gwen swings herself around and picks up his limp wetin-call with her mouth. - And from nowhere and like magic life surges back into it.
“Tellam make he siddon,” I said, “I de nearly ready. - ” Soon the two voices were oating in to me again as I put on the nishing touches.
She tell me make I siddon, she even ask wetin I wan drink. - So no be her fault at all madam.
Na for Palace dem tell you?” “What? Na where we de go?” “You mean to say dem no tell you? Wonderful! Na for President Guest House for Abichi Lake na there dem say make I take you. - ” “What
He no dey for Palace at all.
When His Excellency got to him and said: “But of course you know Beatrice,” he had replied: “Me? I am sorry sir, I have never seen her before,” which must be about the most predictable and tired of Bassa witticisms and yet it always produced some laughter most of it on this occasion from the humorist himself who immediately added as if to bring everything down again to the literal level of those not bright enough for high humour: “Long time no see, Beatrice.
” “Me! Wetin concern me there. - ” “Plenty plenty.
” “See what? I beg commot for road,” and I made to push my trolley past him to the cashier but he grabbed my arm and pulled me back and proceeded to give me in loud whispers accompanied by conspiratorial backward glances a long and completely absurd account of all the actions and reactions he had meticulously observed between Chris and me in the last few months which could only have one meaning—his friend, Chris, done catch! “You de craze well, well… I beg make you commot for road.
I tell him he has no clear role for women in his political thinking; and he doesn’t seem to be able to understand it. - Or didn’t until near the end.
But the way I see it is that giving women today the same role which traditional society gave them of intervening only when everything else has failed is not enough, you know, like the women in the Sembene lm who pick up the spears abandoned by their defeated menfolk. - It is not enough that women should be the court of last resort because the last resort is a damn sight too far and too late! That was about the only serious reservation I had about Ikem’s political position.
As he looked around in surprise a police constable stepped out of the shadows and asked: “Na you get this car?” “Yes, anything the matter?” “Why you no put parking light?” Parking light. - That was a new one.
“So when you see electric for somebody’s wall it follow say you no go put your parking light? What section of Trac Law be that one?” “It’s a matter of common sense, I should say. - What section of Trac Law be that one - ” “It’s a matter of common sense, I should say
” “Common sense! So me self I no get common sense; na so you talk. - OK, Mr.
Commonsense, make I see your particulars.
“I no know am! Na sake of editor he come abuse me when I de do my work. - He can be editor for his oce not for road.
Na you people de make the law na you dey break am.
The growing crowd of spectators stood in silence in a circle around the car and the chief actors, the policeman playing his role of writing down somebody’s fate with the self-important and painful slowness of half-literacy… At long last he tore out a sheet of his note-paper and handed it like a death warrant to Ikem.
If you no come or you come late you de go answer for court.
And when you come for Monday make you bring am.
With one sentence of your sharp pen you can demolish anybody. - Ha ha ha ha ha.
” “Na you! You no know who this man be? But how you go know? When you no de read newspaper. - ” “Na you - You no know who this man be
You see this man here, make una look im face well well.
If any of you go out tomorrow and begin to fool around his car I go give the person proper gbali-gbali.
You think na so we do am come reach superintendent.
Tomorrow make you go contravene His Excellency for road and if they ask you you say you no know am before. - Scallywags.
” “So wetin you come do here again? Abi, you just discover I no pay you complete? Or perhaps na counterfeit I give you. - ” “No madam.
” “Why you no go nd me here? This man na your sister husband?” “No madam I no mean am like that. - This man na your sister husband - ” “No madam I no mean am like that
We de go out before but you t sidon small.
“When I see you smiling like person wey win rae I say: who be this again? Then my brain just make krim and I remember… Who your friend be?” “My friend de drive taxi like myself and he be member for Central Committee of Taxi Driver Union.
” “How you go know? You de read paper?” “Ah, Madam I de try read small.
I no sabi book but I sabi say na for we this oga de ght, not for himself.
They knew he was going out and must not delay him too much.
Na God him work, was the way he summed up the string of coincidences.
Me self I t call hundred things but time no dey.
So I go talk about the one every taxi-driver know well well.
Na there every cattle them want kill come pass him last shit, since time dem born my grandfather.
Na him this oga take him pen write, write, write sotay City Council wey de sleep come wake up and bring bulldozer and throway every rubbish and clean the place well well. - So that if you park your taxi there you no t get bellyache like before, or cover your nose with cloth.
Even the place so clean now that if the akara wey you de chop fall down for road you t pick am up and throw for mouth.
Na him make I follow my friend come salute am.
Madam, I beg you, make you de look am well. - Na important personality for this country.
” “Make you no worry for that,” said his friend, “Madam de look am well well.
That day I come pick madam from here I think say them make small quarrel…” “Shut your mouth.
Who tell you say we de make small quarrel?” “Madam, I no need for somebody to tell me when man and woman make small quarrel.
When you see the woman eye begin de ash like ambulance you go know.
But that day when I de vex because oga shine torch for my eye the same madam wey de grumble come tell me not to worry because the oga can talk sharp but na very kind man.
“But why you no tell me at the same time say na Editor of Gazette?” “Why I go tell you? And if I tell you wetin you go do with am? Illiteracy de read paper for your country?” “Wonderful! You no see say because you no tell me, I come make another big mistake.
If I for know na such big oga de for my front for that go-slow how I go come make such wahala for am? I de craze? But the thing wey confuse me properly well be that kind old car wey he come de drive.
I never see such! Number one, the car too old; number two, you come again de drive am yourself.
Wonderful! So how I t know na such big man de for my front? I just think this I-go-drive-myself na some jagajaga person wey no t bring out money to pay driver, and come block road for everybody.
“That wahala for road no be such bad thing as he come make us friends now for house.
Ikem could understand well enough the roots of the paradox in which a man’s personal choice to live simply without such trimmings as chaueurs could stamp him not as a modest and exemplary citizen but as a mean-minded miser denying a livelihood to one unemployed driver out of hundreds and thousands roaming the streets—a paradox so perverse in its implications as to justify the call for the total dismantling of the grotesque world in which it grows—and ourishes.
I done talk say if you no want bring money for buy better car why you no take one good Peugeot from oce as others de do and take one driver make he de drive am for you.
He saw himself as an explorer who has just cleared a cluster of obstacles in an arduous expedition to earn as a result the conviction, more by intuition perhaps than logic, that although the nal goal of his search still lies hidden beyond more adventures and dangers, the puzzles just unravelled point unambiguously to inevitable success.
“Wetin I de hear, Ikem? Na true say dem done sack you?” Ikem nodded his head as he pressed her to himself.
” “How mama be today?” “E de better small… You say no be sack them sack you na… weting you call am?” “Na suspend they suspend me. - ” “Na suspend they suspend me
” “Weting be suspend?… I beg, BB weting be suspend?” “My sister, make you no worry yourself.
You done take am go hospital?” “Hospital? Who get money for hospital? And even if you nd money, the wahala wey de there… My sister, na chemist we small people de go. - ” IT WAS ELEWA’S KEEN EARS which picked up the radio news signal from some distant set turned too high probably in someone’s Boys’ Quarters in the neighbourhood, and her voice which screamed “News!” Chris sprang up and dashed to his television set, switching it on and checking his wristwatch at the same time.
Then he got up again: “Elewa, let’s go!” What had caused all this agitation had been a subsidiary item tagged on to Ikem’s news because of its relative unimportance and prefaced accordingly with the formula: In another development… Yes, in another development, according to this smug newscaster dispensing national anguish in carefully measured milligrammes, six leaders from Abazon who were involved in a recent illegal march on the Presidential Palace without police permit as required by decree had been arrested.
If you no want save yourself then make you save the pickin inside your belle.
The only thing we t do now is to be strong so that when the ght come we t ght am proper. - Wipe your eye.
“Make you lie down,” said Elewa in a voice washed clear by tears.
“Why I no go worry? I be monkey wey dem say to give im water no hard but to get your tumbler back?” Beatrice burst into laughter as she climbed back into the car for the return journey to the parking-lot. - Even the joker had to laugh then at his own joke.
“Make you de chew am for road.
Anybody wey see you de knack am so go think say you never chop breakfast.
“Oga come out quick! Make we use leg. - ” Chris was out of the car like a shot and so was the man who had spoken.
“Quick, make we de go!” As they walked smartly away from their car towards the bridge the soldier who seemed to have noticed Braimoh’s suspicious move was coming briskly towards them. - Chris was watching him through the corner of his eye until they drew level.
” “Wetin de inside that bag? Bring am here. - Bring am here
Wetin be your name?” “Sebastian,” replied Chris, using the name of his steward from instant inspiration. - “Sebastian who?” He didn’t know.
“Na only poor man de sabi say him brother never chop since morning.
The big oga wey put poor man for sun no de remember.
Meself as I de talk so, you think say I get machine? Even common bicycle I no get. - Even common bicycle I no get
But my mind strong that one day I go jump bicycle, jump machine and land inside motor car! And somebody go come open door for me and say yes sir! And I go carry my belle like woman we de begin to pregnant small and come sitdon for owner-corner, take cigarette put for mouth, no more kolanut, and say to driver comon move! I get strong mind for dat. - I get strong mind for dat
Make you get strong mind too, everything go allright. - ” The soldier now wore a wistful smile which sat strangely on his savaged face.
“When you no t talk again that time, fear come catch me proper and I begin pray make this man no go introduce himself as Commissioner of Information!” “Me Commissioner? At all. - ” “Me Commissioner - At all
But oga you see now, to be big man no hard but to be poor man no be small thing.
No be so?” “Na so I see-o.
“Make I tell you why he stop us? Na because of how you de walk as to say you fear to kill ant for road.
At the purely sentimental level it was Ikem’s native province which, although he had rarely spent much time there in recent years, still remained in a curious paradoxical way the distant sustainer of all his best inspirations, so that going there now in his death became for Chris and Emmanuel something of a pilgrimage. - Then it was a province of unspecied and generalized disaection to the regime.
“Make your mother hair catch re,” prayed the driver on one occasion as soon as he had pulled away from a policeman with whom he seemed to have had a few initial problems. - The bus had been travelling for a little over ve hours when it pulled up in the famous dusty and bustling market-town of Agbata, rather large and active for that part of the country.
” “How did you nd out she was a student-nurse?” “Na proper tug-of-war. - ” “What’s she called?” “Adamma.
“So at the same time we hear the news this lorry wey dem load beer full up come de pass.
As Government done fall now, na who go drink the beer? So we self we de stand for sun here, no water to drink; na him God send us small beer to make our own cocktail party. - ” His laughter was actually quite infectious and the little crowd that had quickly gathered around their story-teller nodding assent and swilling the beer at intervals, joined in the laughter.
As we dey for road de drink a thief-man go inside carry the radio commot.
They no know me? Before any vehicle can move out from here today I go search am well well and the stupid arm-robber wey hold my radio na him soul go rest in peace, with the President. - They no know me
“Why you de make all this cross-examination? Wetin concern poor man like you and President, eh? I say wetin concern vulture and barber?” He was clearly enjoying the attention. - ” He was clearly enjoying the attention
So make everybody de watch proper for this check-point. - ” He burst out into another peal of laughter taking his willing hearers.
A whole President de miss; like old woman de waka for village talk say him goat de miss! This Africa na waa!” “No be you tell whiteman make he commot?” asked somebody from the crowd. - This Africa na waa - ” asked somebody from the crowd
“Ehe, white man done go now, and hand over to President.
Wetin we go do again?” “We go make another President. - That one no hard,” said a third person.
“He no hard, eh? Next tomorrow they go tell you say your new President climb palm-tree and no t come down again,” said the second man to a tremendous outburst of laughter. - He was obviously a wit to reckon with, and knew it.
“So wetin we go do now?” “Make every man, woman and child and even those them never born, make everybody collect twenty manilla each and bring to me and I go take am go England and negotiate with IMF to bring white man back to Kangan.
She threw herself down on her buttocks in desperation. - But the sergeant would not let up.
” “You go report me for where? You de craze! No be you de ask about President just now? If you no commot for my front now I go blow your head to Jericho, craze-man.
“My friend, do you realize you have just shot the Commissioner for Information?” asked a man unsteady on his feet and shaking his head from side to side like an albino in bright sunshine.
” “You no sabi book but you sabi plenty thing wey pass book, my dear girl. - ” “Say that again,” said Emmanuel.
“All of we,” continued Beatrice, “done see baad time; but na you one, Elewa, come produce something wonderful like this to show your suerhead. - Something alive and kicking.
“Dem talk say make Moslem no dance when Christian de sing?” she asked in return. - “No I didn’t mean that,” replied Beatrice rather emphatically.
But to herself she said, “Well, if a daughter of Allah could join his rival’s daughter in a holy dance, what is to stop the priestess of the unknown god from shaking a leg?” She smiled to herself.
” “Isé!” “We have seen too much trouble in Kangan since the white man left because those who make plans make plans for themselves only and their families. - ” Abdul was nodding energetically, his head bent gently towards his simultaneous translator, Emmanuel.
“E good make person cry small… I been try to stop am, I try sotay then I come say no, make you lef am. - ” “WHY ARE YOU all sitting in darkness?” she said turning the lights on as she walked back into the room almost half an hour after she had left it.
“Why you de look for trouble so? Abi the one you done cause no belleful you?” “Leave the young man alone. - Emmanuel, please continue.
” “Isé!!” At last the prodigious passions of that extraordinary day seemed at an end. - ” “Isé
But he realized the truth at that moment, we’re told, and died smiling… Oh my Chris!” Two lines of tears coursed down under her eyes but she did not bother to wipe them… “BB, weting be dis now?” Elewa remonstrated, showing her two palms of innocence to the powers above. - ” Elewa remonstrated, showing her two palms of innocence to the powers above
“Even myself I no de cry like dat! What kind trouble you wan begin cause now? I beg-o. - Hmm!” About the Author Chinua Achebe was born in Nigeria in 1930.
‘E-e-i!’ Edogo passed through the hut into the inner compound to his sister Akueke’s temporary home. - ‘E-e-i
‘I don’t know how many times I have said in this house that I shall not eat my supper when every other man in Umuaro is retiring to sleep,’ he said as soon as Mate came in. - ‘But you will not listen.
‘Tomorrow is Afo,’ said Edogo, ‘and we have come to nd out what work you have for us. - ’ Ezeulu thought for a while as though he was unprepared for the proposal.
‘Nna doh! Nna doh!’ he wept, calling on his dead father to come to his aid.
‘Dem talk say make rain come quick quick. - ’ Four other children ran in from the direction of the Boys’ quarters to join the rest on Winterbottom’s lawn which was the only space big enough for their play.
For the men who in India have made the Briton the law-maker, the organizer, the engineer of the world this new, old land has great rewards and honourable work. - I know we can nd the men.
How far is this other village, Umuaro?’ Clarke knew instinctively that the more ignorant he seemed the better. - ‘Oh, about six miles, not more.
He heard them in the inner compound shouting: ‘E-u-u! What shall we do to the children of today?’ Ezeulu strode into the compound and ordered them to leave.
‘If I see any one of you still here when I go and come back she will know that I am an evil man.
I no wan make dem put trouble for we head. - ’ The corporal still thought about it.
But when I tellam na so so laugh im de laugh. - When he nish laugh he call me John and I say Massa.
‘Dey say na dat bad juju man for yonda wey…’ ‘Go and get my bath ready, will you?’ Clarke was so exhausted that he was in no mood for stewards’ chit-chat. - ’ Clarke was so exhausted that he was in no mood for stewards’ chit-chat
‘De witch-doctor from Umuaro don come. - ’ There was fear in his voice as though he was reporting the arrival of smallpox in the village.
‘Massa say make I putam for gaddaloom?’ ‘That’s what I said,’ shouted Clarke. - ’ ‘That’s what I said,’ shouted Clarke
‘Ora-obodo, Agaba salutes you!’ ‘Eje-ya-mma-mma-mma-mma-mma-mma-eje-ya-mma!’ ‘Have you heard the song of the Spider?’ ‘Eje-ya-mma-mma-mma-mma-mma-mma-eje-ya-mma!’ It broke o suddenly, turned round and ran straight ahead. - The crowd in that direction broke up and scattered.
All go down, prostrate or kneeling with the greetings of ‘Kabiyesi’, ‘Baba’ etc.
If you remain, we will chop you up, we will make you the sacrifice. - LAKUNLE: What is the hag gibbering? 32 COLLECTED PLAYS 2 SADIKU [advances menacingly.
SUPERINTENDENT: Kabiyesi, is that not our national flag? DANEOLA: Did you not deprive me of my national trousers? SUPERINTENDENT: Yes, to keep you from escaping.
DENDE: But you did order a sceptre Kabiyesi.
DANLOLA: Do you dare call this a sceptre? This dung-stained goat prod, this Makeshift sign at crossroads, this Thighbone of the crow that died Of rickets? Or did you merely Steal the warped backscratcher Of your hunchback uncle? DENDE: I got no co-operation at all From the blacksmith. - It was the best I found in the blacksmith’s foundry.
DENDE: Copper, Kabiyesi? DANLOLA: Copper yes. - Copper the colour of earth In harvest.
DENDE: Kabiyesi, you asked me to stuff ' DANLOLA: Ah, so I did.
] DENDE: Kabiyesi, Oba Sarumi is at the palace gates.
SARUMI: Kabiyesi, your voice was the dawn pigeon Which summoned us from drowsy mats We do not know the jackal’s call We do not hear the bonded overseer When the father speaks.
Sarumi, SARUMI: Kabiyesi! KONGI’S HARVEST 115 DANLOLA: Well, I will not bear the offering Past the entrance to the mosque Only a phoney drapes himself in deeper indigo Than the son of the deceased.
]: Kabiyesi! DANLOLA: Dende! [He sweeps out, the others hurrying after him. - [He sweeps out, the others hurrying after him
Jus’ do me this one favour, make a beat am today. - jeRO: Brother Chume, what were you before you came to me? CHUME: Prophet.
Yes Father, those who are Messenger today, make them Senior Service tomorrow. - [The Amens grow more and more ecstatic.
] Those who are petty trader today, make them big contractor tomorrow.
Those who dey sweep street today, give them their own big office tomorrow.
If we dey walka today, give us our own bicycle tomorrow.
I say those who dey walka today, give them their own bicycle tomorrow.
| I say those who dey push bicycle, give them big car tomorrow.
I wonder really what the will of God would be in this matter.
But ’in get peace for ’in house, why ’en no let me get peace for mine? Wetin I do for am? Anyway, how they come meet? Where? When? What time ’e know say na my wife? Why ’e dey protect am from me? Perhaps na my woman dey give am chop and in return he promise to see say ‘in husband no beat am. - A-a-a -ah, give am clothes, give am food and all comforts and necessities, and for exchange, ‘in.
If na so, how they come quarrel then.
Why she go sit for front of ’in house demand all "in money. - I no beat am yet.
Na pretence ’e de pretend that wicked woman! She no’ go collect nutin! She no’ mean to sleep for outside house. - The Prophet na ’in lover.
O God, wetin a do for you wey you go spoil my life so? Wetin make you vex for me so? I offend you? Chume, foolish man, your life done spoil. - I offend you
It sounds a little REBECCA [her voice and manner ore of unqualified admiration]: Not if you don’t think it, Brother Jeroboam. - JERO: Well, we have to be careful about our brother prophets.
ANANAIAS: But how come such an idea enter their head? I would never have thought of it. - yero [handing him a shilling.
]: I no talk so? You done come with your trouble.
Now you come dey bother me with music notation.
Na paper man dey take trumpet play abi na music? SILVA: Can you read music or not, Brother Chummy? CHUME: Can you play trumpet or not, Major Silva? SILVA: Really this is too much. - How can Captain Winston expect me to teach you anything when you are musically illiterate.
CHUME: What! You no know wetin pepper be? Captain Winston, as soon as I say pepper ’e knows wetin I mean one time. - CHUME: What
s1Lva: I do not know, to use your own quaint expression, wetin musical pepper be, Mr. - Chume.
CHUME: If nonsense no to big insult for man of my calibre, den I no know wetin be insult again. - SILVA: Brother Chume, please.
] If you still dey here when I put the ngwam-ngwam you go sorry for your head.
JERO: Break my head? What good will my broken head do you? CHUME: It will make compensation for all de ting I done suffer for your hand. - JERO: Break my head
CHUME: Na so? And de one you do me na justice? To lock man inside lunatic asylum because you wan’ cover up your wayo. - You be wayo man plain and simple.
JERO’S METAMORPHOSIS 193 CHUME: Dat na forgiveness? Three month inside lunatic asylum! Na dat den dey call forgiveness for your bible? JERO: Was that not better than a life sentence for attempted murder? CHUME: If to say I get my cutlass inside your head that time this world for done become better place. - JERO’S METAMORPHOSIS 193 CHUME: Dat na forgiveness
You want to make this world a better place? Good! But to get hanged in the process? And perhaps in public? For whom? For the sake of people like Major Silva? People who don’t even understand the musical soul which the Lord has given you? Are they worth it, Brother Chume? Oh I was watching you for some time you know—that man is an enemy believe me. - An enemy.
CHUME: Na him come save me from that lunatic asylum, not so? If dat na hympocrisy then thank God for hympocrites.
When he, in his wisdom saw fit to place wings on my feet and make me fly upon the deserted beach away from your flaming cutlass of wrath, it was not, be assured, my life upon which he set such value. - No, Brother Chume, it was yours.
Ofe gbe wa de’le o—Ofe Oko epo epa i runa Gbe wa de’le 0 Ofe gbe wa de’le! [The Mendicants look at one another, begin to beat time with them, then join the singing in a raucous, cynical tone.
Ogea ran out, put her two hands in both ears and shouted: ‘Our people come, come: Ogonim is dead.
Ewo-o! Thieves! What has Nwosu? What did thieves want in Nwosu’s house?’ ‘I gave them ten pounds only a fortnight ago. - Ewuu, the thieves have stolen it.
“Your brother don come o,” Wilhelm said, the look of almost-fear clearing from his face.
“Ewaen, how far na?” I caught my reflection in his thick glasses. - ” I caught my reflection in his thick glasses
“I dey o, Willy,” I replied. - “We get gist.
“No worry, shebi you go come Kpobo house next tomorrow?” “Of course. - I’ve been practising my Chun Li.
We never knelt down with our arms raised up and kept apart, never touching; we never ‘picked pins,’ right index finger touching the ground, left leg in the air, all the weight on a shaky right foot; we were never made to do the ‘angle ninety,’ with our backs against a stuccoed wall. - We were never sent to ‘fill the bottles,’ to stand in front of the filter watching the water trickle into old Treetop Juice containers, swatting away mosquitoes as they feasted on our exposed legs.
” “Your father sha, he no dey hear word.
Just come; don’t ride okada back home. - Those motorcyclists are lunatics.
Where was my concentration, my killer instinct that was so feared in our Saturday Street Fighter II Turbo battles? Kpobo said, “Wetin dey do you, Ewaen? Where is your mind? You’re not concentrating. - ” He came round to my right and took the control pad from my hands.
As he sat he continued, “How you go let this mumu win you? Just chill make I finish am for you. - ” I watched as he and Wilhelm started a best of three between Ken and Chun Li.
Ken wins! “Wetin he talk?” Kpobo asked as I dragged the pad from Wilhelm’s hands and sat on the stool directly facing the TV. - “Hey, no spoil the controller,” Wilhelm said.
I continued, “Abeg, choose character make I beat you. - ” He ignored me and threw his pad on the floor.
” So I told them about Tessa, a girl I had just met, about the ride to her place in the afternoon two days ago, not sparing any detail.
He changed the subject, asking, “So how far with una preparations for school?” Thank God, Kpobo was finally getting over it.
With the presidential elections slated for June next year, he can’t be seen to be just another heavy-handed military dictator.
Behind us, the mixed hostel, Hall 2, loomed in the darkness, shadows like blocks of Lego from a juju man’s nightmare seemed to lean over, threatening to fall on our heads.
The yabis was kicked off by KO, who said, “Wilhelm, wetin you dey do here? Isn’t the prof supposed to be tucking you into bed now?” He jumped into the gutter beside Wilhelm, hugged him and blew a cloud of Benson and Hedges in his face. - Isn’t the prof supposed to be tucking you into bed now
You no dey fear?” Everyone burst into laughter except Tambo. - He had not heard the story.
“Bros! We no dey see you o!” he said. - “Bros - ” he said
Abeg comot your hand from my shoulder.
You no dey fear? I go knock your head o!” “Knock which head? My own?” “Because you dey Black Axe? Oya call all those your boys come make I beat all of una. - ” “Knock which head - My own
” A shadow passed over Yibril’s face, a wrinkle over the middle of his brow. - For a millisecond only.
Very fake guy those days for Dom Domigos; he enter university two years ago come dey blow hard guy. - ” “I just feel Willy should be careful around him, cousin or not.
*** On the way to Hall 1, I asked Wilhelm, “We dey go see Brenda?” “Yep,” he replied. - Cool.
“But confra, sha,” I said, trying to make light of it. - “They stupid o.
I don’t know if they think that anyone who actually considers himself a fine boy will actually blend. - ” Wilhelm was already smiling, so I continued.
Wetin dey do you and your rotten mind? Everything between a guy and a girl must include sex to you?” “No vex o. - No vex.
3 “Ewaen-booboo! Ewaen darling!” Only Brenda could make that screech sound like a welcome. - 3 “Ewaen-booboo - Ewaen darling
“I dey o,” he replied belatedly.
His brother, who had been a Don during his time at the EdoStateUniversity, had detailed a senior boy in one of the confraternities to look after Harry and make sure he was not harassed into joining anything. - Even if Harry wanted to blend, it would be impossible with his calibre of guardian angel.
Because he dey follow you stay hostel? His father can put him in a suite at the University Palace Hotel if he wants. - For the entire semester.
Why did you bring a lantern to school? Don’t you know that the hostel provides stand-by generators? Wetin dey do you, this bush boy, you feel say na village you dey? Thank God for NASU. - After the strike, the generators had stopped working, and I had been vindicated.
” “Wetin be your guy name?” Ejiro asked. - “TJ.
True, true, wetin for fit happen? Nothing. - Nothing
I changed the subject, “Where for Lagos you dey stay?” Ejiro shooed the beer parlour attendant away, glancing apprehensively at me. - “Ikeja,” TJ said, “Off Allen Avenue.
“So, Oliver, wetin happen?” I asked Tambo. - ” I asked Tambo
Ejiro spoke, this time turning from his seat on the ledge to face the group, “Una know say Tambo, our friend, leave us with these guys make them dey toast us to join confra? To blend! And he said he didn’t know them. - To blend
“Idiot! Your father! You dey accuse me? I don’t blame you. - “Idiot - Your father
Ejiro had Tambo by the throat; his right arm seemed like a slave trader’s shackle connecting both their heads, a solid iron bar. - Ejiro had one bone, no joints, in that arm.
“Na you too know me, Ejiro? Na you too know me? Ha! You don see me finish! This na pure see-finish!” “I go beat you o,” Ejiro said. - He spoke quieter now.
“Food don done o! Osaze and Ewaen, come to the table and eat,” Nene shouted from the door of the kitchen. - She was holding a tray with steaming ceramic bowls.
“Which children? Doesn’t he see the children when he’s using you as a punching bag? I just can’t understand him. - “Which children
“But that na good idea; make we go.
” Ejiro said to Odegua, “Even if, as you say, it was a collective decision by the Armed Forces Ruling Council, it was not theirs to make.
“When I say you be idiot, you go dey follow me drag,” Ejiro muttered. - I started laughing.
Without, we were told to make sure we read hard, really hard.
Where was I going to see an okada to carry me for the one naira coin I had in my pocket? The science department’s toilets were out of it. - I half ran—pausing to endure the episodic spasms that threatened to disgrace me—and half walked to the hostel.
How can it be easy when it forces you to ignore facts?” “See, Ewaen don dey abuse church again o.
” Kayode said, “Ejiro, shush, make the boy land.
” “Why you go say make I shut up, KO? Because of argument?” If I let them continue, I would never speak. - Because of argument
I dey go!” I half shouted as I grabbed my shirt from the wardrobe door and walked to Odegua.
The Last Nigerian Virgin has a girl! Wilhelm, you no go follow am?” Stupid boy, who tell you say I be virgin? Wilhelm, from whom I had just pulled Odegua away, said, “I no blame you. - Na your papa be Last Nigerian Virgin.
It happened a few months after I finished secondary school, when I still did the school run, when I still worked in Dad’s company, buying materials for the builders at the head office. - That morning—it was October the fourteenth, 1992, a Wednesday—I was driving back from FGC Warri, along the Ogunu expressway.
Where did it come from? Why did it feel deliciously decadent? Without any trepidation whatsoever, I gunned the car down the expressway towards the market, not actually hearing her say, “Okay. - ” We spent about an hour in the market and another at the home of an equally attractive friend of hers to whom she introduced me as her new friend.
Virgin no dey fuck like you just fuck. - You be expert o.
“Wetin even dey this cigar?” I was irritated. - ” I was irritated
“How them dey drag am?” I asked. - Tuoyo smiled and told me to place it between my lips, take a drag and hold it in my mouth and then to inhale with my lips open.
I have heard others say it makes them look cool. - For me it was none of the above; okay, that is a lie, it was a little bit of the second.
*** The night the wahala that would define year one in Uniben for me erupted, I was supposed to sleep in Wilhelm’s BQ. - He lived alone in the two-roomed Boys’ Quarters of a friend of the family in Professors’ Quarters.
“You wan’ go the party?” “Who dey follow us go?” I’d asked. - I had glanced behind us at the seats in the back and caught Tseye’s eyes.
We no go tell anybody for room? Ejiro, Odegua, Kayode?” “Why?” “Why what? Na only you wan’ go?” “Ewaen, this is a special groove. - Invite only.
” “Who dey do the party?” “Na one guy for science. - ” “Na one guy for science
*** When we got to the flat, it became obvious why the IV had ended with the words “party till Mama comes knocking”: Mama wasn’t home; the flat was empty.
“What do you think you’re doing?” “Wetin you mean? I drink alcohol, na. - ” “This isn’t secondary school o.
“Who invite you? How you take come this party?” “Abeg, gerrout, Clement,” I said, half smiling, using the name his father gave him. - “Who invite you
“You dey come party and you no tell anybody? That na real sheylaying o.
Tambo appeared at my side and said, unnecessarily loudly, “Ewaen, abeg come give me cigar. - ” I was about to reply him in an equally loud voice that I had just given him a cigarette when I felt him pinch me.
Pretend like say we dey go buy cigar. - Quick, follow me, follow me.
He spoke, “Where you dey go? Ewaen, I put myself on the line to get you out of that place.
” “Ewaen, if you go back you no go fit leave. - ” “Why?” My chest ached.
They go soon close the party, and everybody go pass there enter bush for the initiation. - If you are there when that happens, it means you want to blend.
” “Ewaen, what can I say to make you understand? See, I owe you; you give me room sleep when we first enter school. - I know say you no wan join injuns.
That na why I dey do this thing wey fit put me for trouble. - ” “I hear you, Tambo,” I said.
I had been shaking them ever since we sat down. - Tuoyo laid his left hand on my lap and stilled me.
” “Kai, Willy get bad luck, sha,” Ejiro said, laughing, his eyes almost closed in a sardonic squint. - “Of all the people to invite him to a confra party, of all the people who could toast him, he gets invited by the second- in-command of a confra.
“Make we tell Yibril?” I asked. - “Are you crazy? You wan start confra war?” Tuoyo whispered the questions, as though he was afraid that the night would carry the gist.
Clement, sorry, Tambo, we dey go Green House.
I make no promises, guy, but I’ll see what I can do. - ” *** Willy walked into A109 at six that evening.
I go do them back, I swear.
Do you know that the mobile policemen at Ekosodin Gate stopped me?” “Why?” “I had to lie that I just had a bike accident. - ” “Because of your clothes?” “I am telling you.
“Follow me go my place na, make we gist?” “Dude, you dey fear?” He was, but he wouldn’t admit it. - ” He was, but he wouldn’t admit it
“No be you go hide yourself last night dey read? No worry we get you for mind. - We will supply you,” Wilhelm whispered back.
One was a New Year’s ‘come chop’ the twins and I organized on December 31. - The other was the telephone.
’ Abeg, Tuoyo where we dey go?” First, Osasogie. - ” First, Osasogie
How you dey?” I looked towards where my friend stood, waiting by a door to our right. - I waved him off.
“Ewaen, you dey fuck up!” Well, he did not waste any time, did he? Was he talking about my meeting his Capo, TJ? Was he talking about the fact that he tried to kidnap my friend? Wilhelm had threatened to take the matter up with his cousin, Yibril—was that it? I glanced sideways at him and asked, “How?” “You dey waka with Black Axe boys. - ” Well, he did not waste any time, did he - Wilhelm had threatened to take the matter up with his cousin, Yibril—was that it
He say make I join him confra. - ” We went in to enjoy the rest of the show.
Wetin happen?” “Una see how this idiot disturbs my flow? Let me tell the story, abeg. - ” We let him.
Tambo kept talking, “Guys, I dey tell una.
La Cosa Nostra dey try prove say because them be the smallest and newest confra no mean say they cannot protect themselves.
And Akay dey threaten to deal with them, just like they did with that Yoruba confra in ’91.
In later years, I would ask myself why I did not make a move that day. - But as I looked at Tseye’s face (she had taken off her glasses), I was scared to spoil a beautiful thing.
“Just remember say your guy no go dey this school forever o. - ” Year Two March 1994 – March 1995 14 I moved into the house on Oba Ewuare in the first week of March of ‘94.
“Wetin you dey look for there? You don dey pene that girl again?” I turned around to see Tuoyo. - He came into the bathroom and without warning emptied the mop-bucket around my feet in the shower stall’s tub.
“Ha,” I said, “Wetin dey do you now? You no see my leg?” He ignored me and refilled the bucket from the reservoir by the shower stall. - ” He ignored me and refilled the bucket from the reservoir by the shower stall
“O boy, when KO dey come back? I’m getting hungry o. - ” I looked at him.
” Still dumbfounded, I made the tactical mistake of hesitating for a second before I saw what he was going to do. - He sat on the toilet bowl by my feet and let one rip.
The guy wey get the store come dey ask me, ‘Brotha, you get fever?’ I told him yes o, I get real fever.
The idiot bike man kept asking me, ‘Oga, you dey okay? Ee be like you get fever. - ’ I did not disagree with him.
And you dey laugh?” “Wetin you say make I do? And make sure you replace the buckets of water we wasted on your strong kaka. - ” I rolled around on the mattress, laughing my head off.
No be you tell me say jambites no dey get girlfriend? Where do you want me to find girls from?” Thank God, Brenda was coming with some of her friends from Osasogie Stores. - I changed the subject.
You don change friends, shebi?” “Fra and Preppa? They are nice sha. - Thanks for the link-up.
Make I beat the guys,” Kpobo said as he left me and walked to where Tuoyo stood in the middle of the process of showing KO what it felt like to be on the receiving end of the one-handed technique of pad holding.
I do not have one rhythmic bone in my body and made do with shaking my yansh like those oyibo dancers on Soul Train. - Everybody laughed.
Dem no know say you be medical student.
“Wetin una dey talk about?” Preppa asked. - Fra briefed him, “Oluchi and Ewaen were complaining about their cadaver, Thriller.
” After drinking half a pint of lager in record time, he belched loudly and spoke at the same time, “Una don see the list?” “Which list?” Oluchi asked. - ” “Which list - ” Oluchi asked
“If na me I go just die. - I can’t tell my father that kind of gist: ‘Daddy, em, they said I should resume school in five years’ time.
But why you dey worry? You dey year two.
” “So wetin you wan do? You want to join Black Axe like Willy did?” “Of course not. - Why would you think that?” Ejiro glanced from the TV and looked at me, “I feel you concerning this Tommy guy.
You no dey watch mafia films?” I paused to concentrate on a Guile hurricane kick that I executed to perfection. - ” I paused to concentrate on a Guile hurricane kick that I executed to perfection
Tuoyo say some waka go dey for exam expo. - He said I should follow him.
And I have told Eniye, Daddy is not going to beg for any child to enter university, and I don’t have the energy to start pursuing lecturers around school. - ” We went to bed early.
*** “Make this boy do quick now.
“Any of una know where UnityCommercialCollege dey?” “UCC? It’s not far. - ” “UCC - It’s not far
Ewaen start motor make we dey go.
” Tuoyo slammed the passenger front door and let go of the hand brake before I had time to slap his hand off again.
“No worry, we go come back for am. - ” We drove away.
Worse comes to worst I go take bike reach there myself. - No worry.
“Wetin happen? Why are you outside? They have not brought the question papers yet?” “No o,” Osaze said. - They have not brought the question papers yet - ” “No o,” Osaze said
” “I saw one boy paying the invigilator cash to allow him to use the toilet so I got up and said I wanted to see my brother outside to collect pencils. - It cost me about—” Osaze reached into his pocket and brought out a mashed- up bundle of notes.
“Why you dey look my cigar like that?” Osaze shrugged and stared into space, smiling at himself and taking a sip of the drink. - “You’ve started smoking.
” “You never even hear wetin I wan talk.
The taxi driver ignored everything Aunty said and spoke, still smiling, “So you people are the ‘limited’ family? How many company una get? And see how you, sisi, just dey bargain without shame. - I heard the radio announcement o! Everybody for here hear am.
I go soon dey join una for that Uniben. - Learn to respect your schoolmate.
As they passed us, I waved at my mom, but because she wore dark shades, I would never know if she saw me.
“How?” Justin asked, “Them no dey university again. - Only graduates are allowed in.
“So, continue now,” I begged, “how them take know say na Yibril rob Harry?” “Lorenchi. - TJ’s guy.
He noticed Harry’s deck—you know say Harry’s school father na their new don, so them dey follow ’im visit Harry room well-well—and asked Yibril where he got money to afford such a fine piece of equipment. - Yibril tell am to take ‘im money and fuck off.
If to say na TJ still be don, if to say they no expel am, he for collect Harry stuff, even maybe the dollars without any such stress. - ” Tuoyo agreed.
’” “Wetin be that?” “Tambo said that ever since Frank became don, he has changed the way he speaks.
” Wilhelm said, “Abeg, make them gerrout! All these fake Cosa Nostra boys. - All these fake Cosa Nostra boys
Which of the confra boys be correct boys? No lose your focus because you dey inside o,” I said. - Which of the confra boys be correct boys
Dad, never one to compromise his sleep, had been fitfully dozing under the full glare of the floodlights of his and Mom’s canopy when she had told me to take him home.
” It was one of the only things that could make Amide uncomfortable. - She was like a gruff and quick-witted forties film noir girl.
” He only got the joke after we had been laughing for close to ten minutes and said, “Se una see: Chunky dey abuse my mama o. - ” These were the lives we lived while all around us the world’s mood darkened.
“Wetin happen?” I asked as I opened the door for them. - Each was holding a knapsack.
“Wetin happen for Nova Road?” “They burnt Nova Hotel and Palm Royal Motel and that supermarket in town. - I forget the name.
“Wake up! Una dey here and guys are making money. - ” He ran around the parlour turning over duvets and bed sheets.
short girl, she dey our class. - Dark.
All this nonsense for no dey happen.
” “Guy, wetin happen to my girlfriend?” “I carry am go UBTH myself. - She wound small.
“What? You need anything? The pain? Make I call the nurses?” “A smoke. - Ewaen, when we graduate we have to lobby for a cigar room in this hospital.
Na so you dey fear am?” Tuoyo asked. - “Yes! Na’im you wan hear?” “Yeah?” I laughed and almost missed the turn into Brenda’s street.
I hear say girls don dey form cult for Unilag too,” Wilhelm said. - “Tell am to careful too.
See me see trouble o! Doctor and mechanical engineer! ” “I see them, ma. - ” Michael smiled but kept his eyes on the road.
Abi I been dey smell? One kind West Indian lady came up to me and tapped my left hand. - I was holding Ewaen on the right and Osaze on the left.
I follow her eye and—kai!—Osaze don naked himself.
” “Yes ma,” I said, just as Osaze started shouting from inside the flat— when did he enter?—that I should come and show him my room; that his hands were getting tired because he was carrying my big suitcase.
I replied to Tambo’s question, “You dey talk like say you no know Mesiri, the Sinister. - He bought these shoes last year.
“How she dey? I never see am since that night for hostel. - ” “She’s fine.
“The bros for that table ask wetin una go drink,” Patrick said.
The wolves no dey let us read. - ” She shook her buttocks in front of my bowed head.
” At the gate she waited under the roof of the short walkway and watched as I manoeuvred myself around their flooded front yard, up the short remnants of a fence, and tightroped the rest of the way until I hopped down on the other side of the body of water, then she said, “About my lack of boyfriends, Ewaen.
This time? How many times you don know me with boys? Anyway, sha. - It’s Lorenchi.
Brenda, you dey crase? Wait!” She was already turning back and threw her voice at me like a ventriloquist, “Ewaen, goodnight. - Wait
When is it going to end?” “If TJ was still the don, the wahala would have been resolved over glasses of beer. - But this Frank guy.
I no even sure say he dey go Black Axe meetings again. - I no even sure say Black Axe know about Yibril thief-thief.
Na just Wilhelm una dey fear, if not una for see say na ’im cousins thief the dough. - ” “Whatever, Tambo.
” “Just make sure you don’t carry us to any charlatan,” I said.
Who dey drop?” We came down two electric poles from the junction and legged it to a small brown bungalow that had a disproportionately large signboard announcing the offices of ‘DR. - SPIRIT AND LAW, THE WHITE WIZARDS.
The doctor continued, “It was your money that got stolen, abi?” Mesiri nodded slowly as the juju man continued, “You see how the two bones resemble? The oracle is saying that two friends, or two brothers who look so much alike that they could be twins, stole your money. - The other people who are not here, how many are they?” “Five,” Tambo answered.
Would we forgive him this time? When Tambo came out, he immediately started talking, “I no tell you say the jazz dey work? Ewaen, I no tell you?” We looked at the idiot, talking as though nothing had happened. - Still with the spit-riddled, chewed- to-the-cuticle fingernails.
She dabbed some more make-up on and said, “Don’t mind him o. - He was playing hero.
“Una never still tell me wetin happen o,” I said.
“Wilhelm came back as Amide and I were getting ready to come here,” Mesiri answered my question, “He dey with Weyinmi. - He said he would hook up with us.
He dey Ekosodin for Frank place. - I’m sure he will join you guys soon.
Ewaen, make sure you come o. - You too, Willy, Tuoyo, Ejiro.
Shebi, you will be at the party, Ewaen?” He was asking me? We were having our second MB exams in two months, and Willy was asking me if I could go to a party in Ekosodin of all places. - ” He was asking me
What do you think he’s going to do in Abraka?” “You heard about the wahala there too,” I murmured into her ear, ignoring the first half of her statement. - “My brother, Abele, is in year one there.
Nothing really dey happen there o. - My friends just invited me for a visit.
“Weyinmi go dey here while you travel?” I asked. - “No, o.
” Why did he feel the need to make me understand?“Why you dey tell me?” I asked. - “Because.
I, who knew Wilhelm the longest, said, “He go dey there. - I’m sure he was there.
” “But wetin dey do Wilhelm?” I explained, “Wilhelm problem is that he never knows when to stop, he does everything until the end.
” “But for confra wey he no wan join before? If not for that wahala in year one, would Willy be in Black Axe? And to travel to another school and shoot somebody? What kind of cold-blooded crowd does he move with?” Tuoyo asked the questions quickly, rhetorically; he knew the answers to each of them. - “Maybe he wasn’t there when the guy was shot.
He smelt the cigarette first before seeing me and turned from his rapt audience saying, “Why una tell me say no cigar for this house? Ewaen, abeg, bring that smoke here.
” “Why are you guys making noise? Tambo, wetin happen to you?” I asked. - Tambo took a long drag from the stick and said, “Oh boy.
This bastard shouted that he was going to blast Harry himself, that Harry’s father was a pompous prick who disrespected other members of their extended family. - Tambo said that Yibril went for Frank, pulled him up and started threatening him with a pistol to his head.
Tuoyo spoke first, “But this doesn’t make any sense.
Abeg, make I leave message for Wilhelm. - I was surprised to find out that he was back from Abraka.
Where you dey go?” “I dey go talk to am.
And he say make I ask you wetin make you dey frown. - ” 8:15 p.
What were we going to do? Who was going to hear us cry for help? Who was going to answer? “I didn’t see anything from Mesiri’s window.
Wilhelm, doubled over in pain and on his knees, screamed, “Ee dey pain o! Ee dey pain!” We let him down gently on his side. - It was a Hausa dagger.
A nurse shouted, “No! Leave him there! Let the doctor come and see. - A nurse shouted, “No - Leave him there
No worry, everything go dey okay. - ” Mesiri sobbed, “I hear.
When last you hear from am? I sure say he go dey hostel car park. - When last you hear from am
” “Yes, but you never see these people when they don smoke weed.
“God! We really dey big shit o!” “And three: the Cosa Nostra boys who Tambo warned us about may feel we saw them.
Preppa was about to leave when I told him, “Abeg, you go see Amide later.
He talk say he go drive come school tomorrow morning.
Na true say dey shoot Big Boy’s radio?” “Na true. - ” Osaze paused for a moment, shook his head and continued, “Anyway.
He don run to Port Harcourt with Harry.
They were chased down by a riot of students and were almost lynched.
Richard, sah! Madam say make you come. - Richard, sah
Was it really because he wanted to be with her when she heard Madu was dead? In the next few days, she was so taut with anxiety that he too began to worry about Madu and then resent himself for doing so, and then resent his resentment. - He should not be so petty.
She thought them all to be ugly and overdesigned, but she was so pleased by the rage felt on her behalf that she pointed at one of them and murmured, “O maka. - It's lovely.
I see now how she made sure I was dead drunk before sending Amala to me.
Odenigbo and some of the neighborhood men had built it in a week; after they dug the pit, as wide as a hall, and after they roofed it with clay-layered palm trunks, he told her, “We're safe now, nkem. - We're safe.
“Tufiakwa! We have been waiting since dawn! Is it because we don't talk through our nose like white people?” Dr. - We have been waiting since dawn - ” Dr
“I am talking rubbish, okwa ya? Where is the radio? Lagos may not tell the world that the British prime minister has come to help them kill us, but maybe those crazy people in Kaduna will. - ” Baby came out.
Inyang bent over her with a stethoscope and said, in gentle Pidgin English, “How are you? How you dey?” First the pregnant young woman recoiled and then she spat with a vicious intensity that wrinkled her forehead. - Inyang bent over her with a stethoscope and said, in gentle Pidgin English, “How are you - ” First the pregnant young woman recoiled and then she spat with a vicious intensity that wrinkled her forehead
But he could not possibly know that they had no salt and Odenigbo drank kai-kai every day and Ugwu was conscripted and she had sold her wig. - He could not possibly know.
Don’ worry! All dose men in de British Council, dem got no bodies, dem only got brain and soul.
Dem will not want to sleep your woman!’ The tears had welled up now and she sat down and began wiping them and sobbing aloud.
When you go to col’ country, like England …’ She saw that Freddie was not listening.
‘When ah go to Englan’, eh?’ he sneered. - ‘You jus’ wan’ to laugh me.
You better pass many who done go and come. - You be clever boy, and your brain open.
If dem don’ give you, den we mus’ try pull togedder to sen’ you.
‘When you go, Freddie, promise me one ting.
You no go stay dere too long; or you forget we here! Person like me won’t be small gal every day. - Person like me won’t be small gal every day
Den when I return you kin see for yousself.
Why you begin worry how I goin’ to return?’ ‘Is true,’ Jagua sighed. - ‘But sometimes I use to fear.
Den you go and disappoint her.
‘When you come back now with you title, den you will begin to chase de small gals with standin’ breast.
You won’ see me den, only now when you strugglin’.
They made all the laws and the Governor looked on … Talking of Governors reminds me of that first Governor Sir Dalton Thomas. - He was a man who loved ceremonials.
‘You still wan’ to go back and lissen to de ol’ man lecture? Come on, man! Forget de lecture.
Wait! Don’ go yet! I wan’ somebody I kin talk to. - ’ He seized her wrist.
You know what you doin’ to me?’ ‘Go ’way!’ But she was leaning on his arm and holding it dearly.
But when dem get a gal on de bed, you never see dem again.
All de young men in Lagos dem talk sweet sweet – like you doin’ now, Freddie.
And if dem give de gal belly, she mus’ carry de belly alone, and dem will run and lef’ her.
But she take money from de other men, and sleep wit’ dem.
‘Freddie!’ ‘Nancy!’ ‘Kiss me, Freddie! Why you so blin’ all de time?’ He kissed her and her mouth tasted young and her body was all afire with an electric fire he had never felt before, sending voltages of passion through his veins. - ‘Freddie - ’ ‘Nancy - ’ ‘Kiss me, Freddie
Sure, I goin’ to do your hair – in de latest style, too. - I sure Freddie won’ mind.
‘Sir! Tenk God you return! Madam, she say make you come quick. - ‘Sir
She say make you come bail am.
She and Mama Nancy, dem broke all de table, them wound themself with bottle.
’ ‘Hold on! What you talkin’? Jagua fighting Mama Nancy?’ ‘Yes, sah! She say make you come and bail am. - ’ ‘Hold on - Jagua fighting Mama Nancy - ’ ‘Yes, sah
When he had changed he had a quick bath, and like a man running away from his own shadow, Freddie got into bed and switched off the light.
There were no collarbones to be seen when she faced him, and when she turned her back at him, stepping out of her clothes, the voluptuousness of her big moulded hips seduced him and made his anger sharpen at his own weakness for her.
‘Why you sen’ for me? I don’ tell you make we lef’ de Tropicana.
Yes, I tell you make we lef’ but you done see de Syrian man and you tink you kin get money from him. - So you disgrace me.
Instead you get money now, you goin’ to pay fine or get into de white college for assault … you see?’ When she had had her bath and combed out her hair she came and took him to bed and whispered to him. - She would not be bad any more.
‘I goin’ to return proper to mah trade.
So I begin tink, as I lay down in de cell.
I tol’ you I been tryin’ to read de law, so I kin pass all de exam and become a man. - You won’ let me learn.
If you don’ find peace of min’ dere, den.
You got odder thing to do wid de money.
’ ‘Ah got odder thing to do, but sendin’ you is de best of all.
You mus’ go train yousself to be proper man … Den I kin born chil’ for you. - An’ you kin look after me, in me old age.
How she surmounted most of the hurdles the Government placed in the way of the private, ill-equipped but ambitious student he never could tell.
She went to the door, and from there said: ‘I goin’ to show dem some place in Lagos an’ I soon come back, so I kin clear de whole misunderstandin’.
‘I only goin’ to show dem some place, den I come home! What I got to waste time dere for? I got plenty to do in de house.
‘If I goin’ to do business widde men, when I reach de main road, make motor kill me dead. - You satisfy, now?’ ‘Jagua.
‘One of my frien’ tell me say you done begin stroll in de night.
You doin’ what dem call solicitin’.
Das what use to make me vex too much.
‘In de name of God, I done no solicitin’.
But was it natural, he asked himself, for all women to uphold their innocence – even Jagwa? What would she do if he caught her red-handed in bed with a man? He wanted to know that one. - He wanted to know that one
“What I goin’ to waste time for? I got plenty to do in de house!” Ha, ha, Nancy? You ever beat dat one? Jagua got plenty to do in de house and she go ’way with three men in long car since yesterday an’ she don’ come back to dat house. - ” Ha, ha, Nancy - You ever beat dat one
Dem show you you got no power and no control over de woman you call your own!’ She sighed. - ’ She sighed
But also he kin be dat I got into de habit of Jagua, an’ I kin not shake off de habit.
‘Love medicine – but why Jagua go worry for make love medicine for me?’ Nancy put her parcel on the table and looked about the room. - ’ Nancy put her parcel on the table and looked about the room
Dem spen’ all dem money with the medicine man to make dem juju so dat man kin like dem.
You know, those boys in London, them use to feel homesick and when de news from home come like dis, it kin make dem heart strong enough to put dem head for de work. - ’ She tensed her brow and her eyes.
‘Freddie, Freddie – Oh! … I beg you, make we keep it till anodder time. - ‘Freddie, Freddie – Oh
” So my Mama say, but I don’ lissen to her, so she jus’ go on talkin’. - She tell me dat if I wan’ to marry you, I must kill Jagua firs’ before I kin get you.
But is all lie, lie, lie! She got dis habit of runnin’ after men with money. - But is all lie, lie, lie
Now if she don’ sleep with one man every day, she never feel happy.
Is true we comin’ from Freetown, but is here dem born me, and here I go to school. - Nigeria is me secon’ home.
Nancy, who tell you dat I goin’ with odder men?’ Her eyes were aflame and Freddie seeing them, went and shut the door.
‘Who tell you dat? Answer me!’ ‘Yourself! Who tell you dat am in de room with Freddie? Why you hurryin’ to enter de room. - ‘Who tell you dat - Answer me
Somebody tell you am here, das why you running and ramming de door with stone.
‘Oh! … Freddie, she bite me! De witch-woman bite me! …’ ‘Bite her back! You got no teeth? Nancy, bite am back good and proper!’ He saw Nancy butt into her and Jagua screamed. - Freddie felt a sweet glow at Jagua’s humiliation and Nancy’s incredible nerve.
You never gone England yet, and you done begin run after anodder woman! You tink am a fool?’ ‘I don’ run after her, Jagua. - You tink am a fool
What I goin’ to do when her modder sen’ her to me – an’ you run away with other man?’ ‘What you goin’ to do? You done what you mus’! You slept with Nancy. - You slept with Nancy
Yes! What kin’ young man you be if you don’ sleep with such fine gal? You tink Ma Nancy don’ know what she doin’ to sen’ her alone to your room?’ Freddie sneered. - Yes - ’ Freddie sneered
‘When you and de three men ride away in de big car, where you go? What you wan’ me to do? Sit down and cry? I must to console myself! Das how poor man who no get long car kin console hisself. - ’ ‘What concern you wit’ Mama Nancy, dat she sendin’ her only daughter to your bed?’ Jagua snapped at him.
‘So she sendin’ Nancy to you now, so you kin marry her? By de way, Freddie, who help you get passport? Who suffer and bribe de men till dem ’gree to give you passport? Or you don’ know about de Government control, how is hard for obtain passport? Why Mama Nancy don’ try for you? And who pay for your study and your room in de U. - K.
‘Jagua, be careful!’ But the maddened woman only turned on him and he felt himself torn asunder as by a lioness. - ‘Jagua, be careful
All the tenants came down from their rooms but Jagua dared them to come within the range of the axe.
If everythin’ spoil and I don’ go, I kin return de parcel.
‘I beg you; I want to come inside, Freddie. - Is Jagua here – your woman.
‘You come to fight me or to make frien’ with me, or to kill me?’ He was sure now. - His voice was coming back.
Den white man will pick you up and you follow him an’ sleep.
’ ‘Freddie, you come again! Make we forget dat one.
I want to go and know dat Bagana and see your modder and fadder.
‘What de white man tell you? Why you don’ follow am? He be rich man, you see de car? He for give you plenty money. - ’ ‘Lef’ me.
‘What boy frien’ got to do wit’ dis one?’ She looked at the face of the girl; heart-shaped it was very beautiful.
‘I hope de rain no go fall because I wan’ to take foot reach house.
Ah goin’ to see what dem want.
‘If you wan’ to see me, you mus’ come dere.
One day, jus’ one day! Only lies, all de time! You say you love me, but you sleepin’ with any man you see and you takin’ dem money. - You cryin’ you cannot conceive chil’, but you keep spoilin’ you blood with rotten nonsense.
And you run after any man with car or money! True, I no understand all dis.
Me, young man like me! Is no wonder dem say dat you take magic and witch-craft to hold me. - Me, young man like me
Dem say you give me juju to chop.
Any day you don’ see anodder man private you sick dat day.
If dat be de kin’ of life you choose, why you wan’ me den?’ He talked on and she resigned herself to the lash of his derision and the acid of his condemnation.
She could not get herself to leave Freddie until well into the morning hours and when she tried to lie beside him on the bed, he jumped down and spread a mat on the floor and lay there.
‘Don’ come near me, Jagwa; you smellin’ anodder man smell!’ She was afraid. - Never had she known Freddie to refuse her.
‘Kill me, make we two die together – now!’ At that moment, she meant it. - ’ At that moment, she meant it
But the door was caving in, and suddenly it burst and there were strangers in the room. - She was whimpering and she was gloriously naked.
‘Sam! … Samuel! …’ And when he did not answer: ‘Mike! … Michael! …’ Her servant came and she asked: ‘Mike, where’s Freddie and Sam?’ ‘Dem done pack away, Madam. - ‘Sam - … Samuel - …’ And when he did not answer: ‘Mike - … Michael - …’ Her servant came and she asked: ‘Mike, where’s Freddie and Sam
When he come back in de mornin’ he call one taxi and de taxi pack all his thing and go.
Soon as he reach Englan’ he goin’ to see all de white gals, and he’ll hook dem and come home wit’ one.
So what you goin’ to do? Eh, Jagua? When Freddie go an’ return wit’ one of dem white women, what you goin’ to do? I think you jus’ wastin’ de money you kin put in trading business, Jag!’ She could not be sure now that Freddie would want to speak to her after their violent quarrel and his flight; but she walked up to him where he stood, coat in hand. - She said to him, ‘Freddie, kin I speak wit’ you?’ He came away with her to a part of the lounge while Uncle Taiwo and his friends walked towards the freight forwarding shed.
‘Dese Lagos people!’ Freddie told her how he had managed to recover his passport after endless visits to the Immigration, and how his father had sent him a small sum – barely enough to pay his passage and to look after him for a few weeks.
Den God will look after you.
Is a land of tradition and culture and I goin’ to see if I kin bring back de Golden Fleece.
’ ‘Pass all de exam quick quick, and come back as lawyer, so we kin enjoy our life. - I gettin’ old, Freddie.
’ ‘Tomorrow morn’, before you wash de sleep from you eye, dem done reach London, shaking from de col’ …’ Her eyes had not left the sky.
Freddie had talked a good deal about his father and mother, about Bagana his hometown.
‘Where you wan’ make I drop you, Jagua?’ She did not care where he dropped her. - The jobless ones had gathered round the Pontiac, admiring the layout of the instruments.
‘Eheh? … Eheh? … And den … Go on!’ Jagua was short of ideas. - ‘Eheh - … Eheh
! … You dey go P. - H.
‘De sister done come! De sister done come!’ He was shouting at the top of his voice and soon other Baganans arrived. - ’ He was shouting at the top of his voice and soon other Baganans arrived
‘Dey call dem Deckin’,’ said Mama Nancy. - She spoke with authority and Jagua was irritated.
He lef’ here yesterday for Port Harcourt, he gone to attend Council meetin’ and dem will be dere for about fortnight. - But Freddie’s Uncle, you will like him.
‘I come from Lagos to know de home of Freddie Namme.
’ ‘Tell me one thin’, Uncle Namme! How de Government allow Chief Ofubara to do all dis without checkin’ him?’ Uncle Namme smiled. - ’ ‘Tell me one thin’, Uncle Namme - ’ Uncle Namme smiled
’ Jagua said, ‘Dis be big palaver! So because of dis, de two cousins lavish all dem money in de court. - ’ Jagua said, ‘Dis be big palaver
‘What you think am doin’, Auntie Jagua? You think I come ’ere to make juju sacrifice, like some people use to do?’ ‘Who use to make juju sacrifice, Nancy? You modder?’ ‘Ah don’ call anyone by name.
But some woman when she love some man, and de man don’ love her, she kin come to de waterside in de mornin’ an’ kill chicken, so de man kin love her.
Or sometime your modder got some idea?’ ‘Don’ call me modder, Jagwa.
She don’ run after small boy whom she kin born for herself. - You only followin’ Freddie because you think he kin give you some young blood.
But all dese thin’ come from Nature as blessin’, and person no get power to make dem. - Ah better tell you now, you wastin’ your time about Freddie.
You done kill am!’ She began to run towards the palace.
‘De ol’ witch done kill my daughter! … Lord ’ave mercy! I come for Bagana to lose me daughter. - … Lord ’ave mercy
Jagua done kill Nancy! … Give me my Nancy, de only daughter I got! …’ The anger had gone from Jagua; in its place grew fear.
Presently Uncle Namme, eyes reddened with sleep and swollen by O. - H.
And den—’ ‘Oh, dear me!’ Uncle Namme paced up and down.
‘This morning, Your Highness? Wha’s de matter? We going to fight anybody?’ ‘You heard me! … I said go and beat the war drums! And don’t stand there arguing!’ The cry was instantly taken up. - ‘Beat the war drums! … Beat the war drums! …’ In the courtyard there was a fever of movement.
When ah go an’ I don’ come back quick or you don’ see Nancy, den you kin sen’ your army.
But when he see a simple woman like me, what he goin’ to do? He goin’ to laugh …’ Uncle Namme looked at the kneeling Jagua.
I come to spen’ my leave in Bagana, an’ das where I see your picture in de house of Uncle Namme. - ’ Chief Ofubara smiled.
Are they still dividing themselves into smaller and smaller political parties? … We shall never progress that way, you know! We need to unite!’ ‘You believe in unity? Den why you separate from de Namme family. - We need to unite - ’ ‘You believe in unity
Why you don’ work with dem?’ He fixed his eyes on her. - But she was certain he was not looking at her, but beyond her.
‘I don’ come here to sleep, Your Highness … I come to beg you some favour. - ’ ‘You are very fair, my lady.
Now de young men catch her and goin’ to kill her, like she done dem somethin’.
No matter what dem say ’bout you.
You see, Uncle Namme he tol’ me to return back before de night come. - ’ ‘I’ll send a messenger to tell him you’re well and happy.
Well, I goin’ to give you de chance to get dat unity! …’ She got down and began to unbutton her skirt herself.
’ ‘Oh, God bless you! … I know you’re better dan dem all.
But you doin’ de deed! …’ ‘I like your shape, Jagua … I wan’ to marry you. - ’ ‘Am a business woman; I can’t marry no one, Chief.
Remember how you promise me? I take God beg you: don’ show any proud. - Remember how you promise me
An’ I already sleep wit’ you ten night an’ give you experience of Lagos woman dat you never dream! …’ ‘I’m sorry, Jagua! … I’m only jokin’ … Now, Jagua, what are you going to do about your fiery temper?’ He held her arm tightly. - …’ ‘I’m sorry, Jagua - ’ He held her arm tightly
‘De shameless harlot woman! She sleepin’ with de Papa, an’ she lyin’ to de Pickin’, and she don’ care nothin’.
De harlot woman! You goin’ to die wretched! Vulture will chop you eye!’ ‘Ma Nancy, you talkin’ to me?’ Jagua flared, leaping towards her enemy. - Chief Ofubara restrained her.
‘Goodbye, Chief! … Expect me! … I mus’ surely come an’ see you again!’ In Ogabu she kept the mammy wagon waiting in the forest lane and ran to her father’s house. - … Expect me
’ ‘I go an’ see dem for Onitsha!’ She ran quickly back to the lorry and jumped in beside the driver. - The old man called after her.
‘You come to our Onitsha? Is it in a good way?’ ‘I jus’ from home; I returnin’ to Lagos by de ferry, so I say let me come an’ see how you gettin’ on.
’ ‘So they always do; and when them sleep with you finish, no more talk about marriage. - ’ He walked faster.
‘Jagua, come out from deceivin’ yousself.
‘Finish, de man who come?’ ‘Dem too plenty; but dis man get money pass all!’ Jagua smiled. - ‘How you know he get money?’ ‘I know, Ma.
She told them that ‘one man wan’ to marry me, one Chief!’ And when they expressed surprise, she reeled off the whole story, down to the detail of the reconciliation she had brought about.
Without glancing back she whispered to herself: ‘Dem done start to follow me, awready! Ja-a-gwa!’ The sensation of being followed brought with it a new kind of self- importance. - She tried to guess from the rhythm of the steps what kind of a person it was.
‘You see me?’ He could not be older than Freddie Namme, and she thought: ‘Dese young men, dem never use to get money. - Only sweet-mouth.
Melt de whole ting down and make new set, if you no like dis one. - ’ The chance was not one to be missed.
‘When we get somethin’, sometime dem can travel far to Port Harcourt or Onitsha to sell de thin’ and return for Lagos in two-three day.
When I get somethin’ like dis dat I like I keep it for myself … I also got one gal frien’, Sabina.
You ever see Jagua woman with young man like you who don’ put on tie? You just put on shirt and trousers and you don’ wear robe, or gold chain round your neck and you come to me and say, I like Jagwa woman.
Dem don’t like Jagwa woman with sweet-mouth.
I mean, you tell me about your frien’ who drive taxi and the other frien’ that he got, and you tell me about your gal friend, but … I begin to wonder.
Yes, I use’ to see dem.
If is so, den when you got gold like dis one, you kin bring and we kin do business.
You see?’ ‘Yes,’ murmured Dennis, seeking another kiss.
I know what you want! An’ you kin get am from me, sweet pass your gal frien’ who got no experience of de men. - I will give you sweet somethin’ to turn your head, you kin almos’ drive your gal frien’ away! Have no fear, you safe wit’ me.
Even self, your wife! She kin see me and we pass an’ salute, and she kin not know. - Das what Jagua woman is for.
And you kin taste what ’e use to chop every night before he come back an’ marry me proper.
’ ‘You be real Jagwa,’ said young Dennis, and the words were sweet in her ear.
’ ‘Why you not sleepin’? You want to scratch me, den when my body get up you lef’ me an’ go? Is because of your gal? Why you tell me you don’ love her? You fear her! … One day I mus’ go and see dat Sabina. - I wan’ to know what she like.
‘You come to see us today, Ma!’ ‘De gal sed you busy.
’ ‘Oh, Sabina? Don’ min’ her … Come inside.
‘Wonderful! I goin’ to take dem to goldsmith to buy an’ melt.
Make we sell de thin’ first’.
I tink de bes’ time is two o’clock midnight, so dat de shop kin close and de night watchman begin feel sleep.
You know dem use to keep late in dat area of Lagos. - Plenty pub- houses.
‘I left all better men to come and marry you, you’re not glad! You should rejoice! … This is how you make me go naked every day while other women dress up and I feel shame and cannot show my face where they are. - You should rejoice
‘An’ if I hear anodder word from you, I come inside an’ kill you!’ Sabina came towards Dennis, wiggling her full hips.
I goin’ to take dis to de goldsmith an’ see what I kin do.
Nex’ time she mus’ know how to talk!’ Jagua said: ‘I goin’ now, Dennis.
’ ‘You think I need money so much? You don’ see de clothes I puttin’ on? If you don’t give me £50 I go with my thin’. - ’ ‘You think I need money so much
De two of dem be proper enemy.
’ ‘You mean Sabina and de taxi-driver wife? … So she won’ come back?’ ‘No, she say she don’ want any trouble. - ’ Jagua sighed.
Anywhere she see clothes, money, and chop, she don’ mind. - She will live there.
When she an’ de taxi driver begin, de man use to make about £10 a day.
She chop all him money finish and begin talk rot. - Das why I vex las’ time and beat her.
Is £35; das all dem give me.
How I go do? I mus’ chop.
Myself and de taxi man who die, sometime we kin make one hundred pound by Saturday.
She say dat any day de police catch me, she goin’ to kill herself. - Before I meet her she never know man.
‘Wat you say, is true, Dennis.
Take de taxi driver case as warnin’, you hear me? Stop and go do hones’ work, so you kin live long and help your modder in her ol’ age.
But suppose dem kill you one night, take knife open you belly so de breeze rush inside, what your modder goin’ to say?’ ‘Is jus’ my bad luck, das all,’ Dennis said.
For de sake of dat gal Sabina who love you, you kin try to be good.
You ever seen her dance in de Tropicana? I don’ mean, in de house. - Dat one is small thin’.
’ Jagua said to him, ‘Dennis, you better go now.
‘De man keepin’ me in dis house soon come, Dennis.
Ah go make trouble for ’im till he ron away from dis Lagos.
He come an’ tell me say our Senior Brodder done die for we country. - ’ Uncle Taiwo’s face did not soften and she knew he did not believe her.
‘Where you goin? You don’ know my man is in de bed?’ She was hissing like a cobra. - ’ She was hissing like a cobra
‘Dennis! …’ ‘De police catch me, an’ I ron away from dem. - Das all.
I come to warn you, sometime, dem will come here, come to ask you ’bout me.
‘You wound de policeman? Tell me true word, Dennis!’ ‘Ah knock ’im down.
All policeman be thief, so I don’t use to sorry for dem. - If to say ah give am small money, he for lef’ me.
De Government no go let you go free, however!’ ‘I don’ care. - ’ He came nearer.
Since dem arrest me, I don’ see Sabina and she take de gun. - ’ Jagua recoiled.
I hide am for some place an’ when I go look, is gone.
She tell me dat if ever dem catch me she goin’ to take her life. - Lissen, Jagua.
But what happen? Why you findin’ him so hot-hot?’ ‘Dem go tief. - But what happen
When dem reach there, policeman catch Dennis. - We been findin’ him for long time now.
At las’ de policeman catch him and know him; to make sure he don’ ron away, de police handcuff him to hisself.
Dennis wound de policeman and run away with handcuff. - The policeman is in hospital now, on danger list.
She go to de place where dem makin’ some ceremony for somebody who die.
She shoot one woman dere, den shoot herself.
She say is de woman who make Dennis thief.
Such fine gal, an’ so young: go waste her life for nothin’ sake!’ ‘Sabina, kill … woman – and kill herself, for Dennis?’ This is a dream, Jagua told herself. - A mad dream, a nightmare.
‘You people, you get strong mind! I don’ fit, at all!’ From the day when the twelve policemen came to search them and Dennis and Sabina showed no fear – even though they had the missing trinkets – Jagua lived in awe and admiration of them, especially of Sabina, the iron- nerved girl in her teens. - ‘You people, you get strong mind
Plenty people come; and you give dem plenty money so dem kin vote for you.
But if dem don’ vote, how you kin know? Dey jus’ chop your money for nothin’.
‘Is all nonsense! We don’ come here to see dat. - ‘Is all nonsense
‘De things we do when we young—’ ‘So you done become ol’ man, in two year?’ ‘Englan’ make me ol’ man with experience …’ ‘Which day you return?’ ‘Today make six days only.
’ ‘Eheh! So I think! We hear rumour ’bout six months ago say you done come back with white woman. - Somebody tell we for Club.
’ ‘If you call Nancy, white woman; den is true.
All dat Sa Leone people, dem come from Calabar, and Onitsha and Lagos.
Das de port from which dem put dem into big steamer and take dem to go work for America.
De white traders go and sell dem, and dey live dere and born pickin’, till one day when dem get dem freedom, de other white men from England bring dem back.
De Government people find a place for dem and dem call de place Freetown – because dem free.
Dem say you settle de quarrel in de family. - I hear also dat Chief Ofubara wan’ to marry you.
Person who want to marry from my place, he mus’ go dere for hisself.
After dat, if de gal ’gree and the other people ’gree, den he kin talk about bride price.
You see?’ ‘Das why you don’ marry him?’ ‘Not so. - ’ ‘Not so
Dennis Odoma, though young, was no substitute for Freddie Namme. - Freddie had more than youth.
I mus’ go back to Nancy and de children; dey waitin’ in de house for me. - Ah love my wife, Jagua.
’ ‘Welcome, Freddie! I glad too much to see you, I nearly die with glad … Freddie, I wan’ to go sleep wit’ you, now, an’ see whedder you be same —’ ‘No more of that nonsense!’ A passing car lit up his frowning face.
‘Why you don’ reply?’ ‘Jagua, I reply; sometime you don’ get de reply.
‘Is true you goin’ to contest in de election?’ ‘I goin’ to contest in Obanla, sure.
And das where Dennis Odoma live.
I don’ see how you fit to win from him.
’ And now she saw that England had widened the gulf between them.
He had been studying in England, but did he know the problems of the people of Lagos, after being in residence for a few weeks? In three months’ time voters would be called upon to choose a man who would present their views to the Council. - It was only in O.
I give dem de money like dat, so them kin taste what we goin’ to do for them, if they vote us into power.
‘You don’t fit to talk again, Jagua? I say why you jumpin’ from de window like you see de devil?’ ‘Is Freddie, and—’ Uncle Taiwo dropped his glass. - The thin glass broke into fragments and the beer formed little frothy lakes on the carpet.
What kin poor woman like me do? I got no work an’ you forsake me—’ Freddie extended his hand.
‘You wan’ to kill Freddie, an’ when you see am, you begin shake your wais’ all about de room.
You tink I don’ see you?’ ‘Me? Shake my waist? You don’ know what you talkin’. - ’ She crossed her legs.
‘Why he don’ kill me den? If is so easy why he don’ kill me?’ A smile played on his lips. - ’ A smile played on his lips
You promise to address dem for me!’ ‘But I don’ know nothing about politics. - ’ Uncle Taiwo laughed.
‘So soon?’ ‘Five is de bes’ time; dem will be returning from market den. - ‘So soon
’ ‘Ah don’ know what ah will tell dem. - ’ He leaned back and slapped his knee.
What? You tellin’ me you don’ know what you will say?’ He began to laugh and to slap his knees, the stool, shaking till the beer glasses bounced off the stool. - What
‘You don’t know what you will tell dem? Oh, you jus’ too funny. - Oh, you jus’ too funny
You wonderin’ what to tell dem? Oh, Lord! Tell dem all women in dis Lagos mus’ get good work if dem vote for me. - No more unemployment.
‘When ah become Councillor, den my woman will be a big woman.
‘Where you goin’ to keep dem when de Council give you big flat?’ ‘My other wives?’ He laughed again. - ’ ‘My other wives - ’ He laughed again
The man is findin’ way to make quick money, but is a pity he got no idea of politics; so he can’t win me in de election. - People never hear of him.
Make we go home – or Tropicana, any one. - ’ Uncle Taiwo led the way.
‘Why you ask me, Nancy? First of all, welcome from Englan’! Since I lef’ you for Bagana we never seen.
Why I will tell you lie?’ ‘Don’ call God in this matter, you devil-woman!’ ‘I swear to God! I got nothin’ to do with your man since he return. - I wantin’ nothin’ from ’im.
I don’ care whedder you from England come. - You be only small pickin’ to me.
If he runnin’ after some woman, is your own fault, das all! You don’ fit to hold you man!’ The man seated beside Jagua folded his robes and glared at Nancy Oll.
‘All ’pon sudden, dis small pickin’ of yesterday come to see me to accuse me, where’s her man? I tell her I don’ know who’s Freddie.
‘You know Freddie – too much! I come here to warn you! Leave my man for me? He see you harlot woman before he marry me. - You miss your chance.
’ ‘You bastard!’ ‘Harlot, you got no shame! So you use to run after man who you can born. - ’ ‘You bastard
I tink is dese election people, I tell dem you sleepin’ …’ ‘Fool! I don’ tell you say whenever Freddie come here, you mus’ let him enter de house.
‘As you come sit near me with all dese men; suppose Uncle Taiwo come here into de Tropicana and fin’ you with me?’ ‘Uncle Taiwo and him people done go to de village to campaign.
You ready to take responsible when dem kill some man? Or you think all dis be play?’ ‘I don’t care now. - Or you think all dis be play
‘You hear about Dennis Odoma? De man I seen among your bodyguard sometime? Dem say de police arrest ’im. - ’ ‘So I hear.
Dem goin’ to hang de poor boy, for murder of a police officer. - Is a very serious offence.
‘Freddie, I beg you; go and defend de boy. - ’ ‘No, Jagua.
Go into de Club and ring for an ambulance!’ But as nobody moved, she began running back to the Tropicana, murmuring, ‘I know who do this! Dem done kill my poor Freddie!’ For three successive days now Jagua had been trying to see Freddie in hospital.
Dem responsible for Freddie’s life!’ ‘Them can’t remove him.
‘What you want here? Leave de house, at once!’ ‘Nancy, no talk like dat, I beg. - ‘What you want here
‘Awright, Nancy; I goin’ to leave! But look all de people who love your Freddie! You know all of dem? Or you goin’ to drive de ones you don’ know? Your Freddie was a famous man who people love. - If to say he livin’ he for no drive me from his house.
De greates’ power dat democracy give we poor people! After all your talk we kin enter de secret box an’ use our vote to cut your neck …’ Foolish imaginings, Jagua told herself. - But it was possible that all these things would be haunting Uncle Taiwo now.
’ ‘You no go wait till dem finish? Or you wan’ lissen from de radio? I wan’ to see how dem will count de vote …’ ‘Le’s go, Jagua. - ’ There was something brutal in his gruffness.
’ ‘Why dem beat de opponent?’ He laughed. - ’ He laughed
1 ruffians dem lookin’ for you?’ ‘Jus’ so; but I don’ fool so much, you know.
‘Hide am! Don’ let de police see am!’ He pulled away, and she looked at his face. - She knew the truth now.
Jagua asked, ‘Is not dangerous? I don’ want to keep somethin’ dat de police will come an’ search my house!’ ‘No, is not dangerous. - Jagua asked, ‘Is not dangerous - ’ ‘No, is not dangerous
‘Jagua, I come to warn you! Trouble dey come! De O. - P.
1 people … dem done seize Uncle Taiwo house, lock up every place.
I come to warn you to run, before is too late because dem comin’ here next! Let me take me own thin’ before is late. - ’ She was casting round the room, quickly bundling her things into her suitcase.
Michael answered: ‘Who? Ah don’ know who you talkin’ about?’ And Jagua thanked God for Mike’s stupidity. - Michael answered: ‘Who
‘I goin’ back!’ she cried, suddenly bursting into tears.
Dey got no right!’ Rosa seized her. - ’ Rosa seized her
‘You done gone crase? Dem will jus’ kill you for nothin’.
’ Jagua rolled on the floor, crying aloud: ‘I done die! … I done die, finish! …’ And it was Rosa who hailed the taxi that took them to safety.
Thenk God, dem don’ meet you and wound you.
What I tell you in Onitsha?’ ‘Brother, you say – you say dat de day you’ll come Lagos …’ She felt a sudden panic mixed with irritation. - Something she could not imagine had happened.
If he don’ see you, he won’t die, so we mus’ go find you anywhere you are …’ Jagua sucked in her breath. - She looked at Brother Fonso, and Fonso was not there, only the darkness.
He had seen her married off and she had been wayward and had come to Lagos to pursue the Tropicana lights and the glittering laughter of seductive men, the sequin sheen of the fickle fashions.
How I can come without money! Is a shame! And I never been home for over ten year! No, is too much shame!’ ‘No money – all these years?’ His voice was biting. - And I never been home for over ten year - ’ ‘No money – all these years - ’ His voice was biting
Hope you remember to take de bag dat Uncle Taiwo lef’ with you! I don’ want de politician people to come search me house an’ kill me!’ ‘I got it here.
’ Jagua glanced by the side of the seat to make sure. - She could not even remember how she performed that journey, but when the lorry turned into the familiar jungle drive, she knew she was home.
When she was ‘small like this …’ how could she know her life would run into these cross-currents of shame, bitterness and degradation? ‘When she was small like this …’ she had lived free and simple in Ogabu.
‘I was jus’ askin’ de woman de way to Ogabu … I follow de address you give me till I reach here, den I loss …’ She spoke rapidly in Ibo now that they were in Iboland.
‘You hear anythin’ about Dennis Odoma?’ Rosa asked at one point. - ’ Rosa asked at one point
‘No! what happen?’ ‘You don’ hear say dem hang him?’ Rosa asked. - ‘No - what happen - ’ Rosa asked
Rosa told how the magistrate’s face clouded as he added up the pros and cons, how Dennis stood in the dock, trembling.
From dere I reach Krinameh and …’ She checked herself, unable to tell Rosa about the jealous incident when she had pursued Nancy Namme into the waters of Krinameh.
‘Soon after you lef’, de man come to Lagos. - He worryin’ about you till he nearly crase.
So he don’ come here to find you? Sometime dem take de steamer go home …’ Rosa told how Chief Ofubara had come with some others for a conference in Lagos, something to do with chieftaincy. - Jagua sighed.
‘Mama, when de time come, I know what I goin’ to do widde money.
‘You wan’ make we go Bagana an’ Krinameh? Is only two hour from ’ere, so de canoemen say. - ’ Jagua glanced at the mourning dress she was wearing.
‘Make we go back for Ogabu.
‘Jagua your hand too free! You goin’ to dash all de money away finish!’ ‘Never min’,’ said Jagua. - ‘Jagua your hand too free - ’ ‘Never min’,’ said Jagua
‘You see now, I done go get pickin from anodder man, so I no fit to marry am again.
Ah wan’ try Onitsha whedder I kin become Merchant Princess.
I goin’ to join de society of de women an’ make frien’ with dem. - I sure to succeed.
‘But I don’ wan’ to be me ol’ self who suffer too much.
»Mami Wata« Introduction Pidgin English dem don say »di language no get head« dat na so di book pipul for Nigeria and di Christian oyinbo pipul wey come for our land Naija long long time ago.
Wetin come dey surprise me now for Naija today, mani mani pipul come see say our language Pidgin English dey veri veri important naim mak pipul like, Proffessor, Musican, Religion pipul, and our gofument too come see am too.
For our country Nigeria wey bi say language plenty well well wit 36 state and Abuja our head for all di state wey we get for Naija, wey show say we dey speak like almost 250 langauges.
And instead mak di tin help na divid e dey divid us.
Our book pipul and gofument dem don try make we for get another language.
Dem try sote come try di language we dem call WAZOBIA.
Di problem bi say di onli language wey we all dey talk take understand each other dem come band am, say di tin no bi language say Pidgin English no get head say dem no go take am as language for our land Naija.
Di tin wey make me write dis book for Pidgin English na for di same rea- son we bi di down look wey dem dey take see anibodi wey talk for Pidgin English wey dem no wan take as language for Naija.
»Mami Wata« na stori book wey I write for Naija Pidgin English, wey bi popular language, wey mani mani pipul dey talk for Naija.
Naija Pidgin English dey different from all di 250 languages wey we dey talk for Naija, di reason wey Pidgin come bi di language wey pipul dey talk today na because of our young children dem wey come see say Pidgin English no dey bad at all as dem take teach dem for school.
Dem tell us wen we dey like pikin say Pidgin English no bi good language say na bad language wey person wey go school mus not speak.
Our children dem don see Pidgin language as wonderful language, naim come make dem dey use am for dem music today wey dem dey call rap or hiphop.
Pidgin hiphop don nearly over take all di music wey dey for naija today, but we no fit talk about di reason wey Naija Pidgin English come popurlar today make we no tank di pipul wey start dey use use am.
Pidgin English for Naija today, we no fit dey write about am make we no call di name of di papa dem all wey make di language watin e bi today.
Pipul like Baba Abami eda »Fela Anikulapo« wey dey use di Pidgin dey write im music wey dem dey call Afro Beat wey come dey popular today for Naija and di world, we mus not forget pipul like Bola Johnson wey bi di first person wey come write Naija Pidgin Newspaper for Naija.
»Mami Wata« na human fish wey dem dey call »Mama of all river« wey bi say for all Yoruba stori dem dey use Mami Wata as God of river dem wey dey give anybody wey see am or ask for anitin like richness and all di fine fine tin wey person want.
Mami wata today na like God like di Christian and Muslim religion, for Naija e get pipul wey dey worship am as dem God and e dey gif dem watin dem want from im.
Some pipul dey call »Mami Wata« Yeye Osun »Mama Osun river« wey be also di history for Yoruba Land wey come from history of how we di Yoruba come for di world, and all di worior dem wey don help Yoruba land and im pipul.
Osun river dey for Osun state for Naija till today wey mani mani pipul from all di world dey come worship.
Mani mani Yoruba stori wey dem dey use animal for inside, dem dey take am talk to small small pikin dem.
Dem dey use am mak dem for no why animal bi dis or dat.
After I come look wel well for inside di stori wey dem dey tell small pikin dem for Yoruba land, I come see say dem jus use different animal for di stori dem to fit describe how animal dey clever and how im bodi or how e dey run or slow.
So na all dis tin dem naim dem dey talk with small pikin dem make dem for know watin dey good and bad.
Tortis na one of di animal wey be say e day for almost di stori for Yoruba land, and tortis for Yoruba stori e dey do good and e day do bad, so everi pikin dey use mak e no watin good and bad.
I described a man who, like Ekwensi’s Amusa Sango, “was seeing a new city—something with a feeling.
You don’t like to see your gal frien’ naked in de street.
When I talk, you say I talk too much —’ ‘Which gal frien’? Tell me, which gal frien’?’ Sam appeared and said, ‘Is true, sah. - I tink is the gal who jus’ lef’ here.
When they make up you don’ know thief from honest woman.
The girl in the red jeans said: ‘Why he come ask me? I be sister of the girl? Me don’ know where she stay!’ Sango was touched. - I be sister of the girl
‘Amusa, why do you look at me so? You frighten me with your eyes! Oh, let me go before you kill me!’ ‘Quickly! ‘I beg you – let me tie my wrapper properly before entering the street. - You frighten me with your eyes - ’ ‘Quickly
‘Why you don’ marry Aina? The gal like you too much.
Why you don’ marry her?’ Sango merely smiled.
Women with trays of big juicy tomatoes, basins of garri, or corn, or melon seeds, women who sold trinkets and plastic buckets and dyed cloth, men who sold coral charms and wooden combs and turtle-doves and string vests and cotton trousers and slippers, women who sold mosquito coils and magic love mirrors and hurricane lamps and tobacco leaves, with stalls of patterned cloths next to those of fresh-fish traders, jostled everywhere, filled the roadside, sprawled in fantastic confusion.
’ Striding as if he were on stage, waving his hands angrily, the landlord said: ‘Why do I have to come and pester you for my rent, eh? When you wanted the room you came and begged me.
Must I sing to you all night, for seven days, and sacrifice two white hens, and two dizzying bottles of ogogoro, before you hear me? And even now your mother is wandering about in the night, crying to the wind and the road and the hidden angels, looking for a way to reach you.
Please listen to me: you know how hard he would whip us? Don’t you even know? Listen, he has cowhides, kobokos he bought from the meat-roasting mallam—that one is very painful! Listen, Jesus, if you let him come back and he whips us, we won’t go to Sunday school again, and we won’t sing and clap in church ever again! Amen. - ” “Amen,” I repeated after him.
The woman, Iya Iyabo, lived in a small bungalow whose exterior was identical to ours: a small balcony, two windows with louvres and nettings, an electric meter box clamped to the wall, and a storm door, except that her fence was not made of bricks and cement but of mud and clay. - The fence was cracked in places from long exposure to the sun, and was littered with spots and smears.
She often spoke Yoruba to Mother, who perfectly understood the language, although she never believed herself proficient in it and almost never spoke it otherwise, but would always have us talk with people on her behalf.
As her husband come inside, she tell am make im give medicine money, but im start to beat-beat am and im pikin. - ” “Chi-neke!” Mother gasped, and covered her mouth with her hands.
Then bending so that nothing but her legs alone became visible under the door of the refrigerator, she said: “He won’t; where will he go?” “I don’t know,” Boja replied, “but I fear. - ” “He won’t; this fear will not last, it will leave him,” Mother said in a voice that was assured, and I could tell at the time that she’d believed it.
“Come chop, we dey chop,” Mother said.
“Aderonke vex say im dey beat the sick pikin, and fear say because of im alcohol, say im go kill am, so she hit im husband with a chair. - ” “Eh, eh,” Mother stammered.
The food I’d just scooped into my mouth was instantly forgotten at this news of Oga Biyi’s death, for I knew the wasted man.
“Come make we go talk outside,” Mother said. - The woman rose, and together, with Nkem following, they went out.
All attention went to them as Father’s voice leapt from communal apology: “I’m deeply sorry, your Lordship,” to “Nne, biko, ebezina, eme na’ife a—Do not cry, don’t do this.
” “Oga, make a go drink my own for canteen. - ” “What for? I wanted you to drink with me.
” “Oga, sometimes den go want me for other office.
“But oga, how we go manage dat one now? Wetin a go call you. - ” “Mr.
” “You remember what happened when I came for my interview?” “Wetin oga?” Sagoe did not immediately answer, and Mathias’s eyes suddenly opened wide. - ” “You remember what happened when I came for my interview
Mathias explained, “Na local brickler come make alteration for inside.
De wall done rotten to ground, so den bring them fat woman come lean for the wall.
Na private house before before, so dey knack down de wall turn am to office.
He turned to Mathias, “How do you work in this stench?” “Ah, na so everybody dey say first time.
Na dem own wife dey take body knack de wall for ground. - ” And he roared away for a full minute.
But make you look me now, I just dey grow fat for the smell.
“Oga, make you no go far o. - ” “I’m leaving, Mathias.
Matter of fac’ Chief Winsala done enter. - After him na only one remain.
“Oga, dis coffee done pour finish.
How a go tell proof-reader now?” He knew his man. - ” He knew his man
“Where is the toilet?” “A-ah, oga, dey no call you yet?” “Not yet. - Just show me the lavatory.
Na in we dey take use for common piss.
” “Siddon wetin? I no sabbe…o-oh…” and he hunched over to his knees with laughter. - I no sabbe…o-oh…” and he hunched over to his knees with laughter
Mathias, bewildered, “I think oga say e wan’ shit?” “No no, the thing done disappear.
” “Siddon where?” “Siddon where? A-ah, yourself oga, wissai person dey siddon for latrine? “Never mind,” feeling he might lose a friend if he confessed the truth. - “Never mind,” feeling he might lose a friend if he confessed the truth
“Sometimes my belly dey do dat kin’ ting. - E no get sense.
I sorry oga, na so we dey manage am. - ” “You mean you haven’t any other lavatory?” “Unless woman own.
“Matter of fac’,” he said, “another one dey, but dat one na for board member and senior service like that. - Editor-in-chief get key for dat one.
I done warn am so tey ’e no dey hear.
” Mathias volunteered, “I go take am down oga.
But, make a tell true, no to say a dey go shit for there, a no fit self.
How man go fit shit for room wey den make like room an’ parlour?” He flung the door and gestured inside with a flourish, “Abi you no see?” Sagoe nodded, and Mathias pressed the point.
“You see we trouble? How man go fit shit inside room wey get carpet, not to talk of polish wood? As for me o, a no fit. - As for me o, a no fit
” “Why do you keep a duplicate key then?” “Na here a dey come read newspaper.
“Na you we oga go gi’ dat job you go see. - A sabbe when ’e like somebody.
He retreated smartly muttering, “But oga, make you answer me now.
” “But oga, make you fust pay for the one you done drink.
“Enh? Abi ’e done sleep?” And Greenbottle tried to see the eyes beneath the cap. - “Enh
Big man wey no respect inself, e no go get respect…” Sagoe found that he had moved forward, picked up the tray.
” “You realise he is my guest?” “Wetin e wan make I do? E done pass my time for closing. - I tell am say I…” “Put the drinks on my bill.
When money matter dey for ground, nobody dey remember countryman.
” “Mathias, go now, and don’t come back without the usual. - Two.
” “Make a open dem fust oga. - ” “Thank you.
“But oga, mout’ no fit talk am, make you come see for yourself.
Mathias had passed the sight coming to work in the morning as his bus made a sudden, near disastrous swerve to avoid the spot.
“Where you wan go for, Obalende?” “To the police station. - ” He knew these individualist taxi-drivers.
” “Enh, oga mi, you see wetin man dey suffer.
Unless we Africans drive all dis foreign firm commot…” “Stop!” “Oga, enh, you say make a stop?” “I said stop. - Unless we Africans drive all dis foreign firm commot…” “Stop - ” “I said stop
Stop!” “Ha, oga, make you no vex now…. - Stop
I beg you oga I still get case for court for driving wit one light…” “Are you deaf? Stop right here!” The man stopped, a jelly now, and convinced also that he had lost hope of a pardon by his delay in obeying the officer. - Stop right here
"Nnu Ego, my pet child, you know I have been making preliminary arrangements for you to go to another man?" "Yes, Father, I have noticed the movements of people. - "Yes, Father, I have noticed the movements of people
Nnu Ego was grateful for it, and was just falling asleep with a full stomach when in walked a man with a belly like a pregnant cow, wobbling first to this side and then to that.
He more or less steered him away from Nnu Ego who followed them inside and sat huddled in a chair, as if she was suffering from cold.
Nnu Ego held herself tight, trying bravely to accept the greetings and not to imagine what her father would say had this man come in person to ask for his daughter. - She fought back tears of frustration.
" Nnu Ego stood up angrily and declared: "If you had dared come to my father's compound to ask for me, my brothers would have thrown you out.
The quicker the owners of these mini-buses went, the more money they would collect, for clerks and messengers working on the island preferred to go by them, even though a full kia-kia bus meant six to ten passengers hanging on at each window, another dozen or so by the door, some even clinging to the roof.
Nnu Ego begged the man in her halting pidgin English to please stop the dog from frightening her "pikin". - "pikin"
The others would cut the grass at a leisurely pace, for they had a saying, "Na government work, ino dey finish": it is government work, it can never come to an end. - The others would cut the grass at a leisurely pace, for they had a saying,
Nnu Ego still sold firewood, garri and other foodstuffs.
“How far away from Lagos?” Ken says. - “Is there an airport nearby?” The line sizzles.
“Now listen well, Adunni, after your papa put down the…” She curves her two hands in the air, trying to make her brain connect to the correct English word for what she is thinking. - “The, erm…ikoko of the sacrifice—” “Ikoko is pot,” I say to Ms.
Make Your eye big over them. - Change the mind of the peoples of this land from their foolishness and wickedness because they somehow think we and the spirits is the problem of small rain.
Like, it doesn’t even have to be an iPhone 6 plus or whatever as long as it’s got Google Maps or Siri or some sort of thingy that can guide me out of here like ASAP?” I squeeze my nose, thinking. - ” I squeeze my nose, thinking
“Your mama, and many women in this village, thinks all that makes a woman good is marriage.
That way, I can be teaching them, make them hear my voice, even if I am buried deep inside a grave. - Yes, I think, my heart tumbling in my chest.
“When you come out from here, you walk small to the left by the shrine of Baba Ogun, then turn right down-down the road of maize, in the left of it, you will see Okuta farm.
After Iya finish her eating, my mama turn her neck to check it if I am sleeping inside the wrapper, before she cry and tell Iya how my papa is not Adunni’s father.
“I make a whistle?” Is he asking or telling? “A whistle?” “I make it. - ” Is he asking or telling - “A whistle
At the same time? And you say ‘no shakings’? As in ‘no worries’? Are you nuts?” Efe shines her teeth like she is making a joke, before shrugging her shoulder. - “My name is not your business,” the girl with the beads on her legs says next.
Anybody have two Benson? Why are you all looking at me wicked? Is ciga not good for baby? No ciga? No shakings! Any whiskey? Ogogoro? No? This place is dry abeg! In that case, can I rap? Yo! My name is Efe, and I am a popping pop! I’m sitting on this rock! Flexing like a ﬂock! Zee-Zee: Efe, please. - Can you answer my questions? Wait.
Maybe Idowu can learn typing and go to ministry and become a sek- ree-tree?” I look Idowu: “You want go to school? You want me to beg your Yeye to let you go to school? Or you want marriage?” Idowu, her mind is like a water under a soft breeze. - She shift any which way it blow, dancing left and right.
“He come back to me that New Year, and me and him, we…make love to ourselfs under a tree.
I was thinking of my mama, Yeye, what she will think if the whole village start talking about how I run away with a man to Abroad, so I tell my love-boy to go away and leave me be. - We cried, and he promise me that he will never forget me.
That night, I ask him why? Why he force Adunni to marry, why he didn’t keep the promise he make to his dead wife? That was when he tell me about the poison. - That night, I ask him why - That was when he tell me about the poison
“The way you say your mama raise you up with no love, the lie she was telling you about your pickin, all those things you say she do to make you sad? Maybe there is a why. - Maybe there is a why
“I come and go and keep eye on them.
“You come to near me, walahi, I butcher three of you!” The man rakes Hauwa’s legs with his own so that she crashes to the floor and lands on her back with a sharp, short sound, but I feel the earth under me tremble as if it was a big rock and not a small girl that fell.
“Loud! We thought it was animals, no shakings, but you people did not come back! For almost one and half hour! Now Kike and all of them is here! It is time for us to dance back. - Where are you coming from? What happened to you?” She takes a step close to Zenab, squinting her eyes as if the moon light is too very bright.
“Then sudden it fall!” I slap my hand down on my thighs.
“But don’t call me Anthony Dey Craze. - I’m just out for a post-concert stroll.
“Hurry, biko-nu! Make we go from here!” someone said. - “Hurry, biko-nu - ” someone said
“Na wetin dis?” Anthony said, stepping forward and hauling Chris to his feet. - ” Anthony said, stepping forward and hauling Chris to his feet
Only an hour ago, I came downstairs to her witch’s den and found my wife with two strange men!” he said. - “TWO! And there was.
“‘Lasgidi’ you dey call am, right? Eko? Isn’t that what you people call Lagos? Place of belle-sweet, gidi gidi, kata kata, isu and wahala. - Eko
“Look at Father Oke! De man wey dey do gragra before see as he dey shake like waterleaf! He don nearly shit for him pant!” Philo smiled. - She loved that he was an educated man and he spoke like a man of the streets.
“Baby, dis ting na real? Abi na film tricks?” he asked. - ” he asked
“I say I take my two naked eyes see de thing as e happen, just like two hours ago,” she assured him, dropping into Pidgin English, too. - He pinched his smooth chin pensively with his fingers.
“True true, you say dis woman na from space? You say she come from space?” “Na so she talk.
She say no be only her come, she come with many others wey still dey for inside dem ship wey land inside Bar Beach. - ” “OK o,” Moziz said.
“Well, if dem get flying ship, wetin again dem get wey we no sabi?” He narrowed his eyes. - “Maybe we fit tell am to print original naira notes for us, o.
Yes na, if she fit change herself, na him be say she fit do other things, too! Miracle! Heiyaaa! Na so na! Na so universe law be, o, no be mek de law. - ” “Maybe,” Philo said.
“In fact sef, no be even naira we go ask am to make for us,” he said.
Euro cost pass dollar, so na euro we go tell am to make for us!” Philo shrugged and laughed. - ” Philo shrugged and laughed
But I no sabi if she fit do am, o.
” “Mommy, we want to see the alien,” Kola demanded.
He certainly hadn’t bulged his eyes and randomly screamed, “Anthony DEY CRAZE!” once since she’d met him. - ” once since she’d met him
“E get anybody here wey no still believe wetin e don see with him own eye?” Moziz asked, after Tolu, Troy and Jacobs had watched the film another three times. - ” Moziz asked, after Tolu, Troy and Jacobs had watched the film another three times
“Lagos don scatter for confusion sake of say dem no fit know wetin dis kine wahala come mean,” Moziz said, getting up. - Like Father Oke, Moziz knew when he had people wrapped around his finger and he reveled in it.
And one of them dey my girlfriend oga house.
Dem get ability to change dem shape and dem body as dem like.
Now, na only imagine person fit imagine all de many many other things dem fit do. - ” He leaned forward.
“Una know wetin we fit do if we kidnap them? Tink am well well!” He held up a fist for emphasis. - He leaned back.
” When none of them said a word, Moziz continued, “De first thing we go ask am to do na to print money for us.
Naira, notes, American dollar notes, euro, even sef, pound sterling! My people, nobody go rich like us! We fit even tell am to enter online people bank accounts too.
Fuck all de 419 rubbish, we go bypass dem middleman dem and go direct to the money.
” Troy asked, in a small but worried voice, “If danger come dey all this plan, nko?” Jacobs and Tolu murmured agreement. - Moziz gave Troy a very foul look.
Na who no ’gree? She just woman; she no dey harm. - ” They were all in.
” “We all go die, o!” When the chatter began to swell into panic, Father Oke shouted, “Calm down! Calm down! Listen!” Near instant silence. - He had these people eating out of his hand.
Wash them in the Blood of Christ! Make them immaculate. - ” He paused, smiling at their frightened faces.
“My commander might make some wahala. - But I think he’ll be smart enough to focus on the crisis at hand.
Mek we first pray say mek checkpoints no dey this road today. - ” It was only Troy who was not caught up in the moment.
“Nigerian police dey jump on top people motors and okada like say dem American ninja dem, and like say dem be Bruce Willis for Die Hard, abi?” Troy said. - ” Troy said
“Dem dey even chop women like groundnut. - ” He sucked his teeth with anger and muttered, “Nonsense.
“Listen, if we reach dere, we enter and we comot fast,” Moziz said. - They all agreed.
“Jacobs, find out wetin dis people sabi.
” Jacobs nodded, got out, stood beside Moziz’ open window, shoved his hands in the pockets of his baggy jeans and looked around. - Moziz frowned as he watched people.
“Maybe na people wey dey come from big party from person house,” Tolu said. - Moziz rolled his eyes, annoyed.
“You no dey see,” was all he said, wishing Tolu would just shut up. - Tolu never saw anything until it was explained to him in full.
“Kai! Wetin dey do you?” Jacobs heard a guy ask. - ” Jacobs heard a guy ask
“Na Anthony Dey Craze! Dem say e dey for here!” “Eeey,” Tolu and Troy exclaimed, sitting straight up and looking out the window.
“A beg, mek everybody relax,” Philo said in a high-pitched voice, moving aside to let Moziz and the others forward. - “We no wan injure person!” Moziz and Troy were wielding guns.
She cocked her head and switched to Pidgin English, “Wetin una want with me?” “We go talk dat one when we comot outside.
Just—” “I no dey go anywhere with una,” she snapped. - Moziz looked at Tolu and Jacobs, then gave a small nod.
A gay pride group? In Lagos? There were women in suits and a man standing beside them was wearing a pink shirt and.
“Where she dey?” Troy asked, as they threw themselves into the Nissan. - “Drive!” Moziz shouted.
“Na de idiot priest who go slap woman on YouTube! Na justice!” “See how you like it!” a woman shouted at Oke. - “Who winch now?!” Adaora would have smiled if she hadn’t been in fear for Father Oke’s life.
” Near the front door in the yard, Ayodele was watching all the wahala in the crowd, a pleasant smile on her face.
“Na de last place wey anybody go wan dey if true true alien wan take over, sha.
“Oh God! She don peme,” Philo said, standing beside Jacobs, as if he didn’t have eyes. - From far off, something grumbled like an enormous empty stomach and he looked around.
“Wetin you dey do? We no fit just leave am! De woman—” “Enter the ride!” Moziz shouted. - The concrete beneath Jacobs’ feet shifted.
“Wetin be dat tin in de road?” she whispered. - ” she whispered
If any of them still remain after all this wahala don pass, he’d thought to himself. - But now Moziz was tired of thinking.
“Na so you dey abuse my house, but see your place, na for bush you dey live,” Moziz said, laughing.
“People dey there, sha,” Tolu said. - “Look.
“Wetin you want mek I do if you dey fear?” he said. - “Nonsense.
“So dis no be de result of say una land here?” “Dose people look to you like say dem from another planet come?” the woman asked. - ” the woman asked
“Mek we go inside!” Philo said, grabbing Moziz’ arm and pulling him toward the building. - Tolu followed.
“You dey come?” Jacobs asked Rain. - ” Jacobs asked Rain
No be as tings dey go.
“Dat one no dangerous? Why dis one no go dey poisonous?” “No be you wan go inside?” Moziz snapped. - “Dat one no dangerous - ” Moziz snapped
“E dey for you back,” Rain said.
“You dey see for darkness?” he asked. - “Yes.
Why light no dey dis place?” Jacobs shrugged. - ” Jacobs shrugged
He was suddenly sure that he’d left a pile of dresses on the chair. - They all knew he didn’t have a girlfriend.
” “Bathroom dey down dat way,” Jacobs said, pointing.
“See, wetin I dey tell you since? Jacobs get bottom power. - ” Tolu looked at Jacobs with open-mouthed disgust.
“Kai! So na sis man I don dey hang around since? A beg mek I ask, o.
You dey worship deity too? You dey do juju?” Jacobs glanced at Rain, who was watching quietly. - ” Jacobs glanced at Rain, who was watching quietly
Cars passed him as he ran and, once, he fell into a large deep pothole that he hadn’t seen in the darkness.
“Na God dey punish me,” he moaned.
“He dey punish we all!” OceanofPDF. - ” OceanofPDF
“Who knows what we’ll end up doing if we go out there.
“Oh my living God! Na dream I dey dream so.
” “How e go be de President? Dem been don deport de President.
” “And him been don die before dem deport am!” Several of the people laughed hard. - ” Several of the people laughed hard
Chale, see I spit am!” Then he grinned and shouted, “I dey Craaaaaaze!” Adaora was so surprised that she burst out laughing, which made her cough, “Oh my God, the man dey craze,” Agu muttered, but the corners of his mouth quivered as he fought his laughter. - “You should have plenty of new material for a new album,” Adaora told Anthony.
To exclaim it is the same as saying, “Oh my God!” Chop (Pidgin English) – eat Comot (Pidgin English) – to leave a place Danfo – a commercial minibus or van.
They are usually orange or individually painted and very old, beaten up and have been repaired a million times De (Pidgin English) – the Dey (Pidgin English) – this means “is” or “are”. - most of the time.
This type of building is common in urban areas in Nigeria, such as Lagos Gari – a creamy white, granular flour made from fermented, gelatinized fresh cassava tubers Go-slow (Pidgin English) – heavy traffic Gragra (Pidgin English) – a show of bravado (often false) Ibi (Pidgin English) – it be Igbo – 1. - the third largest ethnic group in Nigeria (note: the author of this book is Igbo) and name of the language of the Igbo people 2.
Nigerian slang for cannabis (unrelated to the Igbo people or language, and not capitalized as a proper noun) Kai (Pidgin English) – a sympathetic exclamation Kata kata (Pidgin English) – trouble of the sort that only the poor experience Kparoof (Pidgin English) – manhandle Marine witch – who the heck really knows? Certain Nigerian evangelical Christian sects believe many of the world’s ills are perpetrated by witches, and the most powerful is the “marine witch” Mek (Pidgin English) – make Mumu (Pidgin English) – an idiot Na (Pidgin English) – it is Na wao (Pidgin English) – the equivalent of exclaiming, “Wow!” NEPA – pronounced “neh-pah”. - An acronym that stands for the National Electric Power Authority.
It can mean “anyway” or “like that” Ting (Pidgin English) – thing Una (Pidgin English) – you guys Wahala (believed to be of Hausa origin) – trouble Wetin (Pidgin English) – what Winch (Pidgin English) – witch OceanofPDF.
” “If my papa comes back to find me, will Iya tell them where we are going?” “Iya will die than to betray your mother,” he say. - “She is a stubborn woman and is not afraid to die.
“I don’t want trouble in this Lagos and I cannot be going back to Ikati, but the man, the Big Daddy man, he was holding me tight, making me to fear. - The other time, I catch him looking me one kind of way.
” But how she know I will be just fine? All she need to do is enter a aeloplane and she will see her own mama in Port Harcourt. - But me, which aeloplane can take me to heaven? My mama is nothing but a sweet memory of hope, a bitter memory of pain, sometimes a flower, other times a flashing light in the sky.
Tia say, “but do you want me to speak to her about what happened with her husband?” I wide my eyes, shake my head no. - “Tell her, ke? She will beat me stupid, and she may send me away.
e enter a corridor with pictures of Ms.
Jus’ do me this one favour, make a beat ’am today. - JERO.
Make you no forget those of us who dey struggle daily.
Those who be clerk today, make them Chief Clerk tomorrow.
Those who are Messenger today, make them Senior Service tomorrow. - Yes, Father, those who are Mes- 20.
senger today, make them Senior Service tomorrow. - (The Amens grow more and more ecstatic.
) Those who are petty trader today, make them big contractor tomorrow.
| say those who dey walka today, give them their own bicycle tomorrow.
) I say those who dey push bicycle, give them big car tomorrow.
But *im get peace for ’in house, why ’e no let me get peace for mine? Wetin I do for am? Anyway, how they come meet? Where? When? What time ’e know say na my wife? Why ’e dey protect ?am from me? Perhaps na my woman dey give ’am chop and in re- turn he promise to see say *in husband no beat ’am. - A.
Why she go sit for front of ’in house demand all money. - I no beat ’am yet.
Na pretence ’e de pretend that wicked woman! She no go collect nutin! She no’ mean to sleep for outside house. - The prophet na ’in lover.